Analysis of Algorithms | Set 1 (Asymptotic Analysis) - GeeksforGeeks GeeksforGeeks A computer science portal for geeks GeeksQuiz Login Home Algorithms DS GATE Interview Corner Q&A C C++ Java Books Contribute Ask a Q About Array Bit Magic C/C++ Articles GFacts Linked List MCQ Misc Output String Tree Graph Analysis of Algorithms | Set 1 (Asymptotic Analysis) Why performance analysis? There are many important things that should be taken care of, like user friendliness, modularity, security, maintainability, etc. Why to worry about performance? The answer to this is simple, we can have all the above things only if we have performance. So performance is like currency through which we can buy all the above things. Another reason for studying performance is – speed is fun! Given two algorithms for a task, how do we find out which one is better? One naive way of doing this is – implement both the algorithms and run the two programs on your computer for different inputs and see which one takes less time. There are many problems with this approach for analysis of algorithms. 1) It might be possible that for some inputs, first algorithm performs better than the second. And for some inputs second performs better. 2) It might also be possible that for some inputs, first algorithm perform better on one machine and the second works better on other machine for some other inputs. Asymptotic Analysis is the big idea that handles above issues in analyzing algorithms. In Asymptotic Analysis, we evaluate the performance of an algorithm in terms of input size (we don’t measure the actual running time). We calculate, how does the time (or space) taken by an algorithm increases with the input size. For example, let us consider the search problem (searching a given item) in a sorted array. One way to search is Linear Search (order of growth is linear) and other way is Binary Search (order of growth is logarithmic). To understand how Asymptotic Analysis solves the above mentioned problems in analyzing algorithms, let us say we run the Linear Search on a fast computer and Binary Search on a slow computer. For small values of input array size n, the fast computer may take less time. But, after certain value of input array size, the Binary Search will definitely start taking less time compared to the Linear Search even though the Binary Search is being run on a slow machine. The reason is the order of growth of Binary Search with respect to input size logarithmic while the order of growth of Linear Search is linear. So the machine dependent constants can always be ignored after certain values of input size. Does Asymptotic Analysis always work? Asymptotic Analysis is not perfect, but that’s the best way available for analyzing algorithms. For example, say there are two sorting algorithms that take 1000nLogn and 2nLogn time respectively on a machine. Both of these algorithms are asymptotically same (order of growth is nLogn). So, With Asymptotic Analysis, we can’t judge which one is better as we ignore constants in Asymptotic Analysis. Also, in Asymptotic analysis, we always talk about input sizes larger than a constant value. It might be possible that those large inputs are never given to your software and an algorithm which is asymptotically slower, always performs better for your particular situation. So, you may end up choosing an algorithm that is Asymptotically slower but faster for your software. We will covering more on analysis of algorithms in some more posts on this topic. References: MIT’s Video lecture 1 on Introduction to Algorithms. Please write comments if you find anything incorrect, or you want to share more information about the topic discussed above.           Related Topics: A Problem in Many Binary Search Implementations Analysis of Algorithms | Set 4 (Analysis of Loops) Analysis of Algorithms | Set 3 (Asymptotic Notations) NP-Completeness | Set 1 (Introduction) Static and Dynamic Libraries | Set 1 The Ubiquitous Binary Search | Set 1 Reservoir Sampling Analysis of Algorithms | Set 2 (Worst, Average and Best Cases) Tweet Writing code in comment? Please use ideone.com and share the link here. Jovaughn Can you clarify the statement: “we evaluate the performance of an algorithm in terms of input size (we don’t measure the actual running time).” Can you clarify what running time is? Running time in other books mean steps or operations executed. Lily very helpful website.. hari useful hxgxs1 Doubt!!! It says that “in Asymptotic analysis, we always talk about input sizes larger than a constant value.” In the case of 1000nlogn and 2nlogn the constant values are 1000 and 2 right?? Robin Thomas Nope. 1000 and 2 are merely machine dependent constants. Those are ignored in asymptotic analysis. In asymptotic analysis, we always assume the input size n >= n0, where n0 is the constant. If you check the formal definition of big O, or big Omega or the other classes, you shall understand it. hari you are right man Ash Didn’t you mean “For small values of input array size n, the *fast* computer may take less time”? GeeksforGeeks Thanks for pointing this out. There was a typo. We have corrected the statement. latha nice one thank u:) Interview Experiences Advanced Data Structures Dynamic Programming Greedy Algorithms Backtracking Pattern Searching Divide & Conquer Mathematical Algorithms Recursion Geometric Algorithms Popular Posts All permutations of a given string Memory Layout of C Programs Understanding “extern” keyword in C Median of two sorted arrays Tree traversal without recursion and without stack! Structure Member Alignment, Padding and Data Packing Intersection point of two Linked Lists Lowest Common Ancestor in a BST. Check if a binary tree is BST or not Sorted Linked List to Balanced BST Follow @GeeksforGeeks Subscribe Recent Comments @geeksforgeeks, Some rights reserved        Contact Us! Powered by WordPress & MooTools, customized by geeksforgeeks team
