Which sorting algorithm makes minimum number of memory writes?  - GeeksforGeeks GeeksforGeeks A computer science portal for geeks GeeksQuiz Login Home Algorithms DS GATE Interview Corner Q&A C C++ Java Books Contribute Ask a Q About Array Bit Magic C/C++ Articles GFacts Linked List MCQ Misc Output String Tree Graph Which sorting algorithm makes minimum number of memory writes? Minimizing the number of writes is useful when making writes to some huge data set is very expensive, such as with EEPROMs or Flash memory, where each write reduces the lifespan of the memory. Among the sorting algorithms that we generally study in our data structure and algorithm courses,  Selection Sort makes least number of writes (it makes O(n) swaps).  But, Cycle Sort almost always makes less number of writes compared to Selection Sort.  In Cycle Sort, each value is either written zero times, if it’s already in its correct position, or written one time to its correct position. This matches the minimal number of overwrites required for a completed in-place sort. Sources: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cycle_sort http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Selection_sort Please write comments if you find anything incorrect, or you want to share more information about the topic discussed above.           Related Topics: K’th Smallest/Largest Element in Unsorted Array | Set 2 (Expected Linear Time) K’th Smallest/Largest Element in Unsorted Array | Set 1 Time complexity of insertion sort when there are O(n) inversions? How to check if two given sets are disjoint? Minimum Number of Platforms Required for a Railway/Bus Station Find the closest pair from two sorted arrays Print all elements in sorted order from row and column wise sorted matrix Length of the largest subarray with contiguous elements | Set 1 Tweet Writing code in comment? Please use ideone.com and share the link here. groomnestle I had no idea about cycle sort b4.. thanks for the info. akanksha what is the reason for o(n) being the tightest upper bound for the no. of swaps required to sort n nos. guest coz u will be having max n swaps for n elements ravikant Can somebody explain me the difference between cycle sort and selection sort ? Interview Experiences Advanced Data Structures Dynamic Programming Greedy Algorithms Backtracking Pattern Searching Divide & Conquer Mathematical Algorithms Recursion Geometric Algorithms Popular Posts All permutations of a given string Memory Layout of C Programs Understanding “extern” keyword in C Median of two sorted arrays Tree traversal without recursion and without stack! Structure Member Alignment, Padding and Data Packing Intersection point of two Linked Lists Lowest Common Ancestor in a BST. Check if a binary tree is BST or not Sorted Linked List to Balanced BST Follow @GeeksforGeeks Subscribe Recent Comments @geeksforgeeks, Some rights reserved        Contact Us! Powered by WordPress & MooTools, customized by geeksforgeeks team
