When does the worst case of Quicksort occur? - GeeksforGeeks GeeksforGeeks A computer science portal for geeks GeeksQuiz Login Home Algorithms DS GATE Interview Corner Q&A C C++ Java Books Contribute Ask a Q About Array Bit Magic C/C++ Articles GFacts Linked List MCQ Misc Output String Tree Graph When does the worst case of Quicksort occur? The answer depends on strategy for choosing pivot. In early versions of Quick Sort where leftmost (or rightmost) element is chosen as pivot, the worst occurs in following cases. 1) Array is already sorted in same order. 2) Array is already sorted in reverse order. 3) All elements are same (special case of case 1 and 2) Since these cases are very common use cases, the problem was easily solved by choosing either a random index for the pivot, choosing the middle index of the partition or (especially for longer partitions) choosing the median of the first, middle and last element of the partition for the pivot. With these modifications, the worst case of Quick sort has less chances to occur, but worst case can still occur if the input array is such that the maximum (or minimum) element is always chosen as pivot. References: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quicksort           Related Topics: Job Sequencing Problem | Set 1 (Greedy Algorithm) Multiply two polynomials Algorithm Practice Question for Beginners | Set 1 Count Distinct Non-Negative Integer Pairs (x, y) that Satisfy the Inequality x*x + y*y < n Binomial Heap Print all increasing sequences of length k from first n natural numbers Find n’th number in a number system with only 3 and 4 Minimum Cost Polygon Triangulation Tweet Writing code in comment? Please use ideone.com and share the link here. groomnestle The worst case occurs if the chosen pivot happens to be the largest or smallest for each single partition. So in early implementation which picks first element as pivot worse case would be a sorted array. In practice this is a very unlikely situation as pivot is chosen randomly or from mid element. Rajesh explain output of merge sort in each pass but it is recursive in nature?  
/* Paste your code here (You may delete these lines if not writing code) */
 Himanshu Any idea on how the C standard library or C++ standard library prevents these worst case(s) from happening? or, Does the qsort() implementation in C/C++ standard library also suffers from O(n^2) worst case behavior for pathological cases? kartik @Himanshu: I am not sure how standard C++ library prevents worst case from happening. But, I know a way though which we can guarantee that worst case would never occur. We can find median of array in O(n) time using order statics algorithms. Once we have the median, we can use median as pivot. It will be an ideal pivot dividing the array in two halves. This ways the worst cases never occurs and time complexity remains O(nLogn) for all inputs. Finding median won’t increase the time complexity as finding median is O(n) which is same as partition. But, this approach is considered practically slow and not followed. neha2210 But if median is found in O(n) time, time complexity also depends on the number of times we find the median. Am I right? bharath reddy But the number of steps is O(logn); so that won’t change the time complexity joh Could you give an example as why? Interview Experiences Advanced Data Structures Dynamic Programming Greedy Algorithms Backtracking Pattern Searching Divide & Conquer Mathematical Algorithms Recursion Geometric Algorithms Popular Posts All permutations of a given string Memory Layout of C Programs Understanding “extern” keyword in C Median of two sorted arrays Tree traversal without recursion and without stack! Structure Member Alignment, Padding and Data Packing Intersection point of two Linked Lists Lowest Common Ancestor in a BST. Check if a binary tree is BST or not Sorted Linked List to Balanced BST Follow @GeeksforGeeks Subscribe Recent Comments @geeksforgeeks, Some rights reserved        Contact Us! Powered by WordPress & MooTools, customized by geeksforgeeks team
