Lower bound for comparison based sorting algorithms - GeeksforGeeks GeeksforGeeks A computer science portal for geeks GeeksQuiz Login Home Algorithms DS GATE Interview Corner Q&A C C++ Java Books Contribute Ask a Q About Array Bit Magic C/C++ Articles GFacts Linked List MCQ Misc Output String Tree Graph Lower bound for comparison based sorting algorithms The problem of sorting can be viewed as following. Input: A sequence of n numbers <a1, a2, . . . , an>. Output: A permutation (reordering) <a‘1, a‘2, . . . , a‘n> of the input sequence such that a‘1 <= a‘2 ….. <= a‘n. A sorting algorithm is comparison based if it uses comparison operators to find the order between two numbers.  Comparison sorts can be viewed abstractly in terms of decision trees. A decision tree is a full binary tree that represents the comparisons between elements that are performed by a particular sorting algorithm operating on an input of a given size. The execution of the sorting algorithm corresponds to tracing a path from the root of the decision tree to a leaf. At each internal node, a comparison ai aj is made. The left subtree then dictates subsequent comparisons for ai aj, and the right subtree dictates subsequent comparisons for ai > aj. When we come to a leaf, the sorting algorithm has established the ordering. So we can say following about the decison tree. 1) Each of the n! permutations on n elements must appear as one of the leaves of the decision tree for the sorting algorithm to sort properly. 2) Let x be the maximum number of comparisons in a sorting algorithm. The maximum height of the decison tree would be x. A tree with maximum height x has at most 2^x leaves. After combining the above two facts, we get following relation.   
      n!  <= 2^x

 Taking Log on both sides.
        <= x

 Since   = ,  we can say
      x = 
 Therefore, any comparison based sorting algorithm must make at least comparisons to sort the input array, and Heapsort and merge sort are asymptotically optimal comparison sorts. References: Introduction to Algorithms, by Thomas H. Cormen, Charles E. Leiserson, Ronald L. Rivest and Clifford Stein           Related Topics: Job Sequencing Problem | Set 1 (Greedy Algorithm) Multiply two polynomials Algorithm Practice Question for Beginners | Set 1 Count Distinct Non-Negative Integer Pairs (x, y) that Satisfy the Inequality x*x + y*y < n Binomial Heap Print all increasing sequences of length k from first n natural numbers Find n’th number in a number system with only 3 and 4 Minimum Cost Polygon Triangulation Tweet Writing code in comment? Please use ideone.com and share the link here. Kanhaiya Kumawat there is typo in the last line: “Therefore, any comparison based sorting algorithm must make at least comparisons to sort the input array, and Heapsort and merge sort are asymptotically optimal comparison sorts.” its nLogn rather than Logn. GeeksforGeeks Thanks for pointing this out. We have corrected the typo. http://androidshashank.blogspot.com wgpshashank More Info .. http://www.it-c.dk/courses/ITM/F2003/Sorting.pdf lovocas ” A decision tree is a full binary tree” I am confused by this statement. :-< A full binary tree is a tree has 2^(k+1)-1 nodes ?k is the heright,the root's height is 0?. I think desision tree is just a binary tree, whose nodes has either 2 or zero nodes? GeeksforGeeks @lovocas: The statement looks correct. Please see the following Wiki definition of Full Binary Tree. A full binary tree (sometimes proper binary tree or 2-tree or strictly binary tree) is a tree in which every node other than the leaves has two children. To avoid confusion, we have updated the post and added the Wiki link for full binary tree. lovocas oh, thanks very much , got it! Yang What if I write a “really bad” algorithm and it asks the same question every time and gets the same answer every time. Then, the Decision tree will still be full binary tree? Interview Experiences Advanced Data Structures Dynamic Programming Greedy Algorithms Backtracking Pattern Searching Divide & Conquer Mathematical Algorithms Recursion Geometric Algorithms Popular Posts All permutations of a given string Memory Layout of C Programs Understanding “extern” keyword in C Median of two sorted arrays Tree traversal without recursion and without stack! Structure Member Alignment, Padding and Data Packing Intersection point of two Linked Lists Lowest Common Ancestor in a BST. Check if a binary tree is BST or not Sorted Linked List to Balanced BST Follow @GeeksforGeeks Subscribe Recent Comments @geeksforgeeks, Some rights reserved        Contact Us! Powered by WordPress & MooTools, customized by geeksforgeeks team
