IBM  Research-Almaden: San Jose, California Select a country/region: Worldwide IBM® Site map Search Labs Almaden     Primary tab navigation Featured research Cognitive computing Client programs Locations - selected tab, Our people Careers Primary tab navigation About - selected subtab, Visitor Information History Almaden Almaden's THINKLab, which focuses on Accelerated Discovery, is a unique Research experience where clients can work side-by-side with IBM experts on science and data challenges.   In 1956, IBM Research established its first West Coast laboratory in San Jose, helping to create what would eventually become Silicon Valley. In 1986, IBM Research - Almaden became home to a rapidly growing team of scientists and researchers. IBM Research - Almaden boasts a rich history of breakthroughs that include the distributed relational database; the ability to position individual atoms; the first data mining algorithms; the IBM Microdrive – the world's smallest disk drive; racetrack memory; and innovations in data storage technology. Today, Almaden's research community focuses on solving problems across areas as diverse as nanomedicine, services science, atomic scale storage, food safety and medical image analytics. The major areas of research at Almaden are Science and Technology, including fundamental science, nanotechnology, spin physics and photoresists; Cognitive Solutions & Foundations, with work in areas such content management, human-computer interaction, text analytics, services-oriented architectures and most recently healthcare informatics; Accelerated Discovery for Industry Solutions, focusing on large scale, people and information-intensive challenges and Cloud & Synaptic Systems, from storage and file systems to server software and systems management. Additionally, technology licensing is a key element in our value creation strategy and a source of significant mutual benefits for IBM Research and its external partners. See all labs Meet the director Jeff Welser Vice President and Lab Director, IBM Research - Almaden Connect with us   Features Battery 500 New electric car battery technology may take us 500 miles on a single charge ... That's five times further than today's batteries Cognitive Computing Cognitive computing systems can actually mimic human brain activities in the ways that they sense, respond and solve problems Atomic-Scale Magnetic Memory From studying the behavior of atoms, researchers have found ways to build smarter, smaller, more energy-efficient devices Spatiotemporal Epidemiological Modeler (STEM) "Ninja polymers" deliver drugs safely Almaden chemist Jim Hedrick honored by White House Almaden researcher Ron Fagin wins "IT Nobel" Students and faculty must work across disciplines to meet real-world challenges Predicting the spread of emerging infectious diseases Featured Blog Posts How to build computers of the future Healthcare modeling: what is or what if? We won an Emmy! Inside the lab: atomic-scale memory team More blog posts Projects Find out which projects our researchers are currently engaged in. Dielectric Materials Research for Advanced Microelectronic Devices Social and Collaboration Research SPLASH: Smarter Planet Platform for Analysis and Simulation of Health Meet the researchers Yunyao Li Search and Analytics Eben Haber Research – Human-Computer Interaction More researchers Join the conversation Use hashtag #ibmresearch or follow @IBMResearch on Twitter. Visit @IBMResearch More IBM Research conversations Footer links Contact Privacy Terms of use
