Times Of India | Blogs Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times| More Follow @toiblogs ( ) | Logout Login | Register Blogs Home Blogs Times View TOI Edit ET Edit Campaigns City Mumbai Chennai Bangalore Delhi Hyderabad India World Entertainment Tech Sports Lifestyle Environment Science Spirituality Q&A Business Economy Markets Companies Finance Wealth Reviews Search for: Blogs | Logout Login | Register Blogs Times Views City India World Entertainment Tech Sports Lifestyle Environment Science Q&A Economy Markets Companies Finance Reviews Search for: Featured 12001 Bhopal-New Delhi via Agra Shatabdi Express – A trip report November 28, 2014, 8:32 am IST Veeresh Malik in Dehati Aadmi Featured Phil Hughes: The departure of the comeback man November 28, 2014, 12:55 am IST Deepan Joshi in The Diary of a Contrarian Featured Tragic Accident: Phil Hughes’s death should spur better safety protocols in cricket November 28, 2014, 12:00 am IST TOI Edit in TOI Editorials End tax terror: Jaitley must heed advice to end Vodafone litigation and undo retrospective tax legislation November 28, 2014, 12:00 am IST TOI Edit in TOI Editorials | Business, Edit Page, India | TOI Soon after presenting his maiden budget, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley promised Parliament that he would end “tax terrorism” and restore investor confidence in India by providing a stable taxation regime that won’t be hostage to… Cricket isn’t worth dying for: Ban bouncers – that’s the only way to prevent tragedies like Phil Hughes’s death November 28, 2014, 12:00 am IST Vaibhav Purandare in TOI Edit Page | Edit Page, Sports | TOI Bouncers should be outlawed immediately in cricket. They should have been banned long ago, and bowlers should not even have been allowed a maximum of two per over, but it’s still not too late. The… The reading world is hungry for experiences of people they’ve never heard from: Esther Freud November 28, 2014, 12:00 am IST TOI Q&A in The Interviews Blog | Edit Page, Q&A | TOI Writer Esther Freud, who’s written books like Hideous Kinky, made into a movie starring Kate Winslet, will be at the upcoming Times of India Literature Festival. Speaking with Srijana Mitra Das, Freud, who is great… Renouncing appeals against court verdicts is a first step towards ending tax terrorism November 27, 2014, 4:02 pm IST Pyaralal Raghavan in Minority View | India | TOI The news reports that the government is unlikely to appeal against the tax verdicts of the Bombay High Court in favour of Shell, one of the large oil majors, and the telecom giant Vodafone indicates… Smart vs decent cities November 27, 2014, 3:17 pm IST Saumitra Mohan in From the fence | India | TOI The latest Union Budget has promised building 100 smart cities across the country for the neo-middle class. The term “Smart City” encompasses a vision of an urban lebensraum which is ecologically friendly, technologically integrated and… Admission: One of the perks of being a neta November 27, 2014, 1:25 pm IST Jug Suraiya in Juggle-Bandhi | India | TOI Following the recent death of veteran Congress politician Murli Deora, BJP’s Arun Jaitley wrote a heartfelt tribute to him in the TOI, praising his networking skills which cut across party lines. One paragraph in the… In Kolkata, city of street protests, a rally in defence of Saradha scam-accused November 27, 2014, 12:06 pm IST Chandan Nandy in Nandygram | India | TOI Central Kolkata will come to a standstill on Friday when the Trinamool Congress and its leader Mamata Banerjee’s “culture clan” descend on the state government’s Nandan film and theatre complex before walking a short distance,… The status and sources of saffron November 28, 2014, 8:19 pm IST Vikram Doctor in On My Plate | City, India | ET Saffron’s status as the world’s most expensive spice is a mixed blessing. It bestows super-luxury status which ensures the extra demand that keeps its price high. It entices top chefs to use it in premium… Photos: World’s biggest animal sacrifice fair, Gadhimai Mela, begins in ‪Nepal‬ November 28, 2014, 6:28 pm IST Team TOI in The Photo Blog | India | TOI Approval of trade facilitation agreement (TFA) at the WTO signals a new phase in India’s trade negotiation strategies November 28, 2014, 6:08 pm IST Pyaralal Raghavan in Minority View | India | TOI The adoption of the Trade Facilitation Agreement (TFA) by the WTO at Geneva yesterday to ease flow of international trade will not only give a boost to global growth but also put an end to… Modi pitches for votes in Jammu’s Poonch, but will Arnia attack impact on the electorate? November 28, 2014, 5:43 pm IST Chandan Nandy in Nandygram | Narendra Modi | TOI In his address to voters in Poonch, in Jammu, Prime Minister Narendra Modi made some politically significant points, with an eye of the assembly polls. While the Pakistan-backed terror strike in Arnia sector, which significantly… Great bargain deals for today November 28, 2014, 4:46 pm IST Gaurav Mashruwala in Let’s Enjoy Wealth | Lifestyle | TOI Recently I read a very lucrative offer. Offer stated yearly income of Rs 50.00 lakh along with free depression and stress. To beat that offer competitor made more lucrative offer, guaranteed income of Rs 50.00… Make in India: Great idea but can we achieve it? November 28, 2014, 3:43 pm IST Ashali Varma in No Free Lunch | India | TOI For decades, India was isolated and shut off for business because it followed the Soviet socialist model where the state provided for most things and there was no competition. For instance till the 1980’s India… India’s best companies for CSR November 28, 2014, 2:52 pm IST N. Rana & U. Majmudar in Responsible Future | Business, Companies, Times View | ET Corporate India has seen in the last decade that the path towards growth is not linear. Constant expansion also means a constant hunt for resources that go into manufacturing and invariably a conflict between man… Liquidity vs interest rates – ­ RBI stares at a new conundrum November 28, 2014, 12:19 pm IST Economic Times in ET Commentary | Economy, Times View | ET By Rashesh Shah, Chairman and CEO, Edelweiss Group In the last few months, India’s money markets have seen some very unique developments. We have been seeing that though interest rates are still high, liquidity conditions… Tragedy On The Pitch: Phil Hughes’s death reminds us of the fragile nature of life November 28, 2014, 11:59 am IST Rudroneel Ghosh in Talking Turkey | Sports | TOI The devastatingly tragic death of Australian Test cricketer Phillip Hughes from a head injury received during a Sheffield Shield match has sent shockwaves through the cricketing fraternity. Hughes was hit on the head by a… To avoid violence, Smriti Irani must tell her UP party colleagues to back off from AMU November 28, 2014, 11:13 am IST Chandan Nandy in Nandygram | India, Smriti Irani | TOI Human resource development minister Smriti Irani must pay heed to the desperate plea of Aligarh Muslim University (AMU) vice-chancellor Major General (retd) Zamir-ud-din Shah who has appealed that the proposed BJP rally within the campus… It’s never okay to hate November 28, 2014, 8:37 am IST Aalia Furniturewalla in I-M-Possible | Lifestyle | TOI If there’s one thing that bothers me more than anything, it’s anonymous hate. Sure, social media and technology and everything is great when used properly, but it truly bothers me when people think it’s okay… Assault on women November 28, 2014, 7:28 am IST TOI Edit in TOI Editorials | Times View | TOI The brazen assault on a woman who was robbed of her gold bangle at a traffic signal is a wake-up call for the Pune police and the city’s legislators. Instances of gold ornaments being snatched… Song of The Self November 28, 2014, 4:12 am IST Spiritual Atheist in Spiritual Atheist | India, Spirituality | ET By Vithal C Nadkarni Scarcely seven years before his demise, Swami Vivekananada delivered a soul-stirring discourse on non-dualistic philosophy of Advaita in America. “All is Atman,” the charismatic monk proclaimed. “There is neither existence nor… Managing Tie-ups November 28, 2014, 4:10 am IST Economic Times in ET Citings | India | ET By John Chao ET AL When we interviewed senior JV practitioners in 20 S&P 100 companies — with combined experience evaluating or managing more than 250 JVs — they estimated that 40 to 60% of… Clarity on monetary machinery the need of the hour November 28, 2014, 4:08 am IST Jaideep Mishra in Figuring It Out | Finance, India | ET The conduct of monetary policy, noted the Financial Sector Legislative Reforms Commission last year, is the prime determinant of price stability in the secular period. And the fact of the matter is that the actual… Independent audit of BCCI’s alleged wrong-doings a must November 28, 2014, 4:00 am IST Economic Times in ET Commentary | India, Sports | ET By Desh Gaurav Sekhri The Supreme Court this week continued to analyse and dissect the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) and the Indian Premier League (IPL) against the backdrop of the Mudgal… Tripura’s triumph belongs to everyone November 28, 2014, 3:51 am IST ET Edit in ET Editorials | Edit Page, India, Times View | ET ONGC is ready to start running its gas-fired power project in the northeastern state of Tripura. At a capacity of nearly 730 megawatts (MW), it is the largest in the northeast. It will supply electricity… India is being swept by an entrepreneurial revolution November 28, 2014, 3:49 am IST ET Edit in ET Editorials | Edit Page, India, Times View | ET Bliss was it in that dawn to be alive, but to be young was very heaven! The poet had been moved by the French Revolution to warble such enthusiasm. A different kind of revolution is… Entrepreneurs need to know what an investor can offer, besides money November 28, 2014, 3:11 am IST Economic Times in ET Commentary | India | ET By Archana Rai In a stampede, the ones most in danger of being hurt are the weakest of the lot. But in the funding rush in India’s red-hot startup sector, even those in the lead… Renewable energy will change the energy landscape as we know it November 28, 2014, 2:39 am IST Hari Pulakkat in Global Science | Environment, India | ET Close watchers of the global energy landscape would have noticed two stories in The New York Times this week. One was about the falling prices of renewable energy to the point of becoming cheaper than… 1 2 … 1,030 Next → Most Discussed Most Read Today This Week This Month 1. Making a tryst with Nehru 2. Six months of Modi: achhe sitare more than achhe din 3. The myths propagated about Robert Vadra 4. Clean India by wiping out unholy charlatans 5. A Muslim party: Asaduddin Owaisi’s AIMIM is shaking up conventional secular politics but so what? 1. Making a tryst with Nehru 2. Six months of Modi: achhe sitare more than achhe din 3. The myths propagated about Robert Vadra 4. Clean India by wiping out unholy charlatans 5. A Muslim party: Asaduddin Owaisi’s AIMIM is shaking up conventional secular politics but so what? 1. India’s father and daughter: Nehru and Indira laid down principles of secularism and nationalism that today’s politicians can’t ignore 2. Was PM Nehru a Fool as Shown by Right-Wingers? 3. The world according to Gita: Millennia before European thinkers, Gita and Arthashastra embodied Indian tradition of realpolitik 4. Did Modi learn from the fall of the Berlin Wall? 5. Soft censorship: The media today faces twin threats to its freedoms and its very existence Today This Week This Month Popular Tags china delhi bollywood manmohan-singh inflation rahul-gandhi rbi food ipl mumbai india sonia-gandhi aap cricket anna-hazare bjp us upa government modi pakistan congress arvind-kejriwal corruption narendra-modi Recently Joined Authors more » Like Us THE TIMES OF INDIA About us Advertise with us Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Privacy policy Feedback RSS Newsletter TOI Mobile ePaper Sitemap Archives Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times इकनॉमिक टाइम्स | ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ Mumbai Mirror | Times Now Indiatimes | नवभारत टाइम्स महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स | Go Green Lifehacker | Gizmodo Living and entertainment Timescity | iDiva | Bollywood | Zoom Healthmeup | Luxpresso | Technoholik Guylife | Online Songs | MensXP.com Networkingitimes | Dating & Chat | Email Hot on the Web Car Price Used Cars Online Songs Hindi Songs Bollywood Songs Restaurants in Goa Bike Price India New Cars Events in Goa Services Book print ads | Online shopping | Free SMS | Website design | CRM | Tenders Matrimonial | Ringtones | Astrology | Jobs | Tech Community | Property | Buy car Bikes in India | Deals | Free Classifieds | Send money to India | Used Cars Restaurants in Delhi | Movie Show Timings in Mumbai | Remit to India | Buy Mobiles Listen Songs | News | TimesMobile | Real Estate Developers Trending TopicsYahoo | Photogallery | You Tube | Gold Price | Twitter | Irctc | Renault Duster | Yoga | Aadhar Card | Facebook | Poonam Pandey Photos Copyright © 2014 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service
