Dynamic Programming Archives - GeeksforGeeks GeeksforGeeks A computer science portal for geeks GeeksQuiz Login Home Algorithms DS GATE Interview Corner Q&A C C++ Java Books Contribute Ask a Q About Array Bit Magic C/C++ Articles GFacts Linked List MCQ Misc Output String Tree Graph Minimum Cost Polygon Triangulation Leave a comment | Filed under Misc October 2, 2014 A triangulation of a convex polygon is formed by drawing diagonals between non-adjacent vertices (corners) such that the diagonals never intersect. Read More » Mobile Numeric Keypad Problem Leave a comment | Filed under Misc September 26, 2014 Given the mobile numeric keypad. You can only press buttons that are up, left, right or down to the current button. You are not allowed to press bottom row corner buttons (i.e. * and # ). Read More » Shortest path with exactly k edges in a directed and weighted graph Leave a comment | Filed under Graph August 19, 2014 Given a directed and two vertices ‘u’ and ‘v’ in it, find shortest path from ‘u’ to ‘v’ with exactly k edges on the path. Read More » Count all possible walks from a source to a destination with exactly k edges Leave a comment | Filed under Graph July 31, 2014 Given a directed graph and two vertices ‘u’ and ‘v’ in it, count all possible walks from ‘u’ to ‘v’ with exactly k edges on the walk. Read More » Count Possible Decodings of a given Digit Sequence Leave a comment | Filed under Strings July 15, 2014 Let 1 represent ‘A’, 2 represents ‘B’, etc. Given a digit sequence, count the number of possible decodings of the given digit sequence. Read More » Count number of binary strings without consecutive 1’s Leave a comment | Filed under Arrays June 19, 2014 Given a positive integer N, count all possible distinct binary strings of length N such that there are no consecutive 1’s. Read More » Program for nth Catalan Number Leave a comment | Filed under Misc May 11, 2014 Catalan numbers are a sequence of natural numbers that occurs in many interesting counting problems like following. Read More » Remove minimum elements from either side such that 2*min becomes more than max Leave a comment | Filed under Arrays May 3, 2014 Given an unsorted array, trim the array such that twice of minimum is greater than maximum in the trimmed array. Elements should be removed either end of the array. Read More » Count all possible paths from top left to bottom right of a mXn matrix 18 Comments | Filed under Arrays December 31, 2013 The problem is to count all the possible paths from top left to bottom right of a mXn matrix with the constraints that from each cell you can either move only to right or down Read More » Travelling Salesman Problem | Set 1 (Naive and Dynamic Programming) 11 Comments | Filed under Graph November 3, 2013 Travelling Salesman Problem (TSP): Given a set of cities and distance between every pair of cities, the problem is to find the shortest p Read More » Dynamic Programming | Set 36 (Maximum Product Cutting) 39 Comments | Filed under Misc September 5, 2013 Given a rope of length n meters, cut the rope in different parts of integer lengths in a way that maximizes product of lengths of all parts. You must make at least one cut. Assume that the length of rope is more than 2 meters. Read More » Dynamic Programming | Set 35 (Longest Arithmetic Progression) 37 Comments | Filed under Misc July 8, 2013 Given a set of numbers, find the Length of the Longest Arithmetic Progression (LLAP) in it. Read More » Dynamic Programming | Set 34 (Assembly Line Scheduling) 14 Comments | Filed under Misc July 6, 2013 A car factory has two assembly lines, each with n stations. A station is denoted by Si,j where i is either 1 or 2 and indicates the assembly line the station is on, and j indicates the number of the station. Read More » Dynamic Programming | Set 33 (Find if a string is interleaved of two other strings) 77 Comments | Filed under Strings June 20, 2013 Given three strings A, B and C. Write a function that checks whether C is an interleaving of A and B. Read More » Page 1 of 41234» Interview Experiences Advanced Data Structures Dynamic Programming Greedy Algorithms Backtracking Pattern Searching Divide & Conquer Mathematical Algorithms Recursion Geometric Algorithms Popular Posts All permutations of a given string Memory Layout of C Programs Understanding “extern” keyword in C Median of two sorted arrays Tree traversal without recursion and without stack! Structure Member Alignment, Padding and Data Packing Intersection point of two Linked Lists Lowest Common Ancestor in a BST. Check if a binary tree is BST or not Sorted Linked List to Balanced BST Follow @GeeksforGeeks Subscribe Recent Comments @geeksforgeeks, Some rights reserved        Contact Us! Powered by WordPress & MooTools, customized by geeksforgeeks team
