Articles Archives - GeeksforGeeks GeeksforGeeks A computer science portal for geeks GeeksQuiz Login Home Algorithms DS GATE Interview Corner Q&A C C++ Java Books Contribute Ask a Q About Array Bit Magic C/C++ Articles GFacts Linked List MCQ Misc Output String Tree Graph A Problem in Many Binary Search Implementations Leave a comment | Filed under Articles August 1, 2014 Consider the following C implementation of Binary Search function, is there anything wrong in this? Read More » Analysis of Algorithms | Set 4 (Analysis of Loops) 11 Comments | Filed under Articles February 11, 2014 We have discussed Asymptotic Analysis,  Worst, Average and Best Cases  and Asymptotic Notations in previous posts. Read More » Analysis of Algorithms | Set 3 (Asymptotic Notations) 10 Comments | Filed under Articles October 26, 2013 We have discussed Asymptotic Analysis, and Worst, Average and Best Cases of Algorithms. The main idea of asymptotic analysis is to have a measure of efficiency of algorithms that doesn’t depend on machine specific constants, Read More » NP-Completeness | Set 1 (Introduction) 5 Comments | Filed under Articles August 22, 2013 We have been writing about efficient algorithms to solve complex problems, like shortest path, Euler graph, minimum spanning tree, etc. Those were all success stories of algorithm designers. Read More » Static and Dynamic Libraries | Set 1 17 Comments | Filed under Articles April 2, 2013 When a C program is compiled, the compiler generates object code. After generating the object code, the compiler also invokes linker. One of the main tasks for linker is to make code of library functions (eg printf(), scanf(), sqrt(), ..etc) available to your program. Read More » The Ubiquitous Binary Search | Set 1 23 Comments | Filed under Articles February 4, 2013 We all aware of binary search algorithm. Binary search is easiest difficult algorithm to get it right. I present some interesting problems that I collected on binary search. There were some requests on binary search. Read More » Reservoir Sampling 8 Comments | Filed under Articles October 18, 2012 Reservoir sampling is a family of randomized algorithms for randomly choosing k samples from a list of n items, Read More » Analysis of Algorithms | Set 2 (Worst, Average and Best Cases) 19 Comments | Filed under Articles February 19, 2012 In the previous post, we discussed how Asymptotic analysis overcomes the problems of naive way of analyzing algorithms Read More » Analysis of Algorithms | Set 1 (Asymptotic Analysis) 13 Comments | Filed under Articles January 3, 2012 Why performance analysis? There are many important things that should be taken care of, like user friendliness, modularity, security, maintainability, etc. Why to worry about performance? Read More » Scope rules in C 25 Comments | Filed under Articles December 30, 2011 Scope of an identifier is the part of the program where the identifier may directly be accessible. In C, all identifiers are lexically (or statically) scoped. C scope rules can be covered under following two categories. Read More » Pure Functions 4 Comments | Filed under Articles December 10, 2011 A function is called pure function if it always returns the same result for same argument values and it has no side effects like modifying an argument (or global variable) or outputting something. Read More » Understanding “volatile” qualifier in C 22 Comments | Filed under Articles C/C++ Puzzles November 29, 2011 The volatile keyword is intended to prevent the compiler from applying any optimizations on objects that can change in ways that cannot be determined by the compiler. Read More » Memory Layout of C Programs 81 Comments | Filed under Articles C/C++ Puzzles September 12, 2011 A typical memory representation of C program consists of following sections. Read More » Mutex vs Semaphore 37 Comments | Filed under Articles April 12, 2011 What are the differences between Mutex vs Semaphore? When to use mutex and when to use semaphore? Read More » Page 1 of 3123» Interview Experiences Advanced Data Structures Dynamic Programming Greedy Algorithms Backtracking Pattern Searching Divide & Conquer Mathematical Algorithms Recursion Geometric Algorithms Popular Posts All permutations of a given string Memory Layout of C Programs Understanding “extern” keyword in C Median of two sorted arrays Tree traversal without recursion and without stack! Structure Member Alignment, Padding and Data Packing Intersection point of two Linked Lists Lowest Common Ancestor in a BST. Check if a binary tree is BST or not Sorted Linked List to Balanced BST Follow @GeeksforGeeks Subscribe Recent Comments @geeksforgeeks, Some rights reserved        Contact Us! Powered by WordPress & MooTools, customized by geeksforgeeks team
