Evil serial killers of all time- The Times of India Photogallery Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times| More More Celeb Themes Home City India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Life & Style Women Spirituality NRI Photos Videos Bengaluru techie jumps to death from fourth floor Waiter shot dead over payment for two chappa... Heritage city status sought for Patna Nigerians take Hyderabad businessman for a B... Man gets 5-year jail term for sexual abuse o... If staff can’t keep city clean, fire them: D... Man held at Ahmedabad airport with gold wort... Woman techie assaulted, robbed in moving aut... Thane man gets death for rape of 6-year-old Operation to arrest godman Rampal cost Rs 26 crore Schoolboy stabbed to death at govt school in... Mullaperiyar dam: TN seeks Kerala's cooperat... Man can't desert wife, kids on ground of une... Bhopal gas tragedy: Toxic waste disposal sti... Some states want Maoism to continue: CRPF ch... PM Modi returns after successful Saarc meet Pakistan releases 36 Indian prisoners Amit Shah lists NDA feats to silence Congres... Let us curb welfare for migrants or risk British EU exit: UK PM Volcano in south Japan erupts, disrupting fl... Storm cuts power, lifts roofs in Australian ... Conflicting policies erode US standing in Mi... Over 100 dead in clashes in Sudan's Kordofan... Taliban kill 5 in Kabul in attacks on Britis... Venezuela says 13 dead in prison disturbance Woman’s selfie catches Bill Clinton ogling a... Syrian troops kill 30 rebels near Damascus Govt plans to cut stake in state banks, raise $14.4bn Coal verdict: Govt sees $15.6bn hit on state... Success at WTO without any compromise: Govt SC asks DLF to deposit Rs 480 crore penalty Tax dept goes for friendly image makeover Infosys organizes US hackathon to attract gl... NSE cuts trading fees for select segments Rupee down 6 paise against dollar WTO endorses its first trade deal in 20 year... Mobile price war: RCom offers unlimited data at Rs 999 Asus PadFone mini review: The budget hybrid Samsung employees fear layoffs as annual res... Android 5.0 (Lollipop): 16 new features Amazon in talks to buy Jabong for $1.2 billi... Infosys organizes US hackathon to attract gl... Grocery shopping sites in India eye nationwi... E-commerce players gear up for Google's onli... Startup accelerator GSF goes mobile-first Indian Super League more popular than Serie A: Organisers Sindhu enters Macau Open Grand Prix Gold sem... Rafael Nadal, Andy Murray join Phillip Hughe... Pankaj Advani enters World Snooker quarterfi... Young reveals Man United's faith in Louis va... ISL: NorthEast United thrash leaders Chennai... EPL: Arsenal and Liverpool seek to halt drif... Indian Super League hits one million in-stad... Sindhu, Prannoy in Macau Grand Prix Gold qua... Movie Review: 'Ungli' Review: The Hunger Games: Mockingjay Diandra and Gautam lock themselves in the ba... Films releasing this weekend: November 28, 2... Is the Badlapur poster inspired by Inception... Bigg Boss 8: Highlights of this season Raveena briefs Onir to tone down lovemaking ... Spoiler: Penguins of Madagascar Spoiler: Horrible Bosses 2 'Past sex partners may decide looks of your kid' In pics: 5 Things a guy notices about you fi... Makeup tips for the busy professional Lahore author wins pan-Asian book award Recipe: Lauki ki kheer Ways to strike visual harmony in your home Post break-up romantic reads How women can get the first date right Hand and nail care 101 19 Indian students in Malaysia to be sent back home Indian gets prestigious research grant under... 100 Hot Victoria's Secret Models Evil serial killers of all time Make-up makeovers! Bigg Boss 8: Sneak Peek Celebs caught and bowled! Celeb Kids from Broken Families AMU rebuffs BJP, V-C writes to Smriti Ir... Burdwan terror probe widens: Bangladeshi... Mamata vs BJP war escalates Arnia: Army launches operation to flush ... HC allows Delhi schools to decide on nur... Shiv Sena mum on BJP’s olive branch FOLLOW TOI Photos Movies MOVIES Bollywood International Tamil Telugu Malayalam Kannada Bengali Marathi Punjabi Bhojpuri Premiere Film Festivals Movies' first look Ungli Action Jackson The Hunger Games: Mockingjay Happy Ending Zed Plus The Shaukeens Interstellar FOLLOW US ON Celebs Fashion FASHION Indian Shows Foreign Shows Indian-Models Foreign-Models-in-India Foreign-Models Designers Ileana D'Cruz walks the ramp for Satya Paul Nisha Sainani’s collection preview WIFW '15: Day 5: Rohit Bal WIFW '15: Day 4: Wendell Rodricks WIFW '15: Day 3: Shivan & Narresh WIFW '15: Day 3: Ritu Pande WIFW '15: Day 4: Mrinalini WIFW '15: Day 3: Ashish N Soni FOLLOW US ON Beauty Pageants BEAUTY PAGEANTS Miss India Miss Diva Miss World Miss Universe Miss International Miss Earth Mr. India World World-Pageants Miss Diva Universe 2014: Performance Miss Diva Universe 2014: Sub-contest Sundowner Party: Miss Diva Universe 2014 Miss Universe Myanmar 2014 Mr World 2014 Miss USA 2014 Mr World 2014 - Talent Auditions Prateek Jain leaves for Mr World FOLLOW US ON Awards AWARDS TOIFA Filmfare Awards Times Regional Film Awards Golden Globe Awards IIFA Times Food Guide Nightlife Awards Academy Awards BAFTA Mirchi Music Awards Grammy IPL Awards Awards and Honours 42nd American Music Awards: Performance Grey Goose Fly Beyond Awards MTV Europe Music Awards '14 Hello! Hall Of Fame Awards '14 Positive Health Awards '14 Hello! Hall Of Fame Awards '14: Red Carpet BIG Marathi Entertainment Awards ITA Awards 2014 FOLLOW US ON Events EVENTS Delhi Mumbai Kolkata Bangalore Hyderabad Chennai Pune Lucknow Ahmedabad Nagpur Kanpur Jaipur Goa Kerala Chandigarh Zid: Promotions Bipasha, Milind @ Pinkathon Action Jackson: Song launch Tevar: Song launch World Percussion Festival held in Delhi PK: Press meet Zed Plus: Promotions Party at Illusions pub FOLLOW US ON TV TV Stars Shows Behind-the-Scenes Khatron Ke Khiladi 6: Contestants revealed Tum Aise Hi Rehna: Launch KBC 7 Premiere Bigg Boss 8: Sneak Peek India's Raw Star: On the sets Maharakshak Aryan: Launch Yeh Pal Hamara Hai: Launch India's Raw Star: Launch FOLLOW US ON Sports SPORTS Cricket IPL Tennis Football Badminton Golf Hockey F1 Other Sports Basket-Ball Olympics Events Vintage Federer seals first Davis Cup for Switzerl... Srikanth, Saina clinch titles at China Open India beat Sri Lanka, win series 5-0 Rayudu's ton sinks Sri Lanka Rohit's record 264 leads Sri Lanka thrashing Tendulkar: Chappell wanted him as India captain Force India's Perez handed seven place grid penalt... Rahane, Dhawan crush Sri Lanka FOLLOW US ON Gadgets GADGETS Celebs-and-Tech Computers Tablets Phones Cameras Accessories Appliances Services News Events Alcatel launches Onetouch Flash 'selfie' phone Apple iPhone 6, 6 Plus go on sale in India GPS app for Haryana Roadways buses soon Limited spectrum sale disappointing: Vodafone Skype to block local voice calls Top Mobile phone makers in India Twitter terms you must know In Pics: Apple iPhone's evolution FOLLOW US ON Lens Food Drinks Beauty Health Home Garden Travel Ardor Resto Bar and Lounge Daniell's Tavern Cocktails & Dreams The Pint Room Crostini Latitude Tarami The Oriental Blossom FOLLOW US ON News NEWS India World Business Auto Events Narendra Modi signs 10 agreements with Nepal Polling begins for first phase of J&K elections Murli Deora dies of cancer Snowstorm in US Google's new service lets you block ads 'Godman' Rampal arrested, 15,000 followers freed, ... Violence erupts at Rampal's ashram in Hisar Facebook launches new app for its Groups feature FOLLOW US ON Holi Special HOLI SPECIAL Vineet Jains Holi Party 2013 Holi 2013 Holi 2012 Vineet Jains Holi Party 2012 Vineet Jains Holi Party 2011 Holi 2011 Vineet Jains Holi Party 2010 Vineet Jain's Zoom Holi Party Forever Holi songs Holi: Celebrations Across India Best of Vineet Jain's Holi Vineet Jain's Holi Party '13 - 1 Vineet Jain's Holi Party '13 - 2 Vineet Jain's Holi Party '13 - 3 Zoom Holi party FOLLOW US ON 100 Yrs of Indian Cinema Bollywood International Tamil Telugu Malayalam Kannada Bengali Marathi Punjabi Celeb Themes Celebrity Morphs Sports Music Royalty Trending Now:Sean AbbottPhil HughesMannaraZidFitoorVeena MalikFergusonPKZed PlusBigg Boss 8 You are here: TOI Home » Photos » Celebs » Celeb Themes FOLLOW US ON: Photos TOI Mail This Photo Evil serial killers of all time 01 Check out these cold-blooded serial killers will send shivers down your spine. Charles Sobhraj well knows as Bikini Killer is one of the most famous murderers around. From 1975 to 1976, he murdered around 12 people in various places in South East Asia. Sobhraj was not driven to murder by deep-seated violent impulses, but as a means to sustain his flamboyant and adventurous lifestyle. That, as well as his cunning and cultured personality, made him a celebrity long before his release from prison. Actor Randeep Hooda is set to portray Sobhraj in the upcoming film Main Aur Charles.  See more of : Charles Sobhraj /celebs/celeb-themes/evil-serial-killers-of-all-time/eventshow/45270643.cms 01 Check out these cold-blooded serial killers will send shivers down your spine. Charles Sobhraj well knows as Bikini Killer is one of the most famous murderers around. From 1975 to 1976, he murdered around 12 people in various places in South East Asia. Sobhraj was not driven to murder by deep-seated violent impulses, but as a means to sustain his flamboyant and adventurous lifestyle. That, as well as his cunning and cultured personality, made him a celebrity long before his release from prison. Actor Randeep Hooda is set to portray Sobhraj in the upcoming film Main Aur Charles.  See more of : Charles Sobhraj /celebs/celeb-themes/evil-serial-killers-of-all-time/eventshow/45285679.cms 02 Dennis Lynn Rader is an American serial killer who murdered ten people in Sedgwick County between 1974 and 1991. Obsessed with notoriety, Raider sent taunting letters to police under the name BTK which stood for ‘Bind, Torture, Kill’. Rader stalked his victims before breaking into their homes, then binded their limbs before strangling them. Rader was arrested and charged upon which he immediately confessed. He is currently serving 10 consecutive life sentences at El Dorado Correctional Facility in Kansas.  /celebs/celeb-themes/evil-serial-killers-of-all-time/eventshow/45270648.cms 03 Serial rapist-killer M Jaishankar is accused of 30 rapes, 15 murders and dacoity, once arrested, he even managed to add prison break to that list. The 36-year-old was re-arrested and is now serving a 10 year sentence while awaiting trial on 20 other cases related to crimes in Tamil Nadu and Karnataka from 2006 to 2009.  See more of : M Jaishankar /celebs/celeb-themes/evil-serial-killers-of-all-time/eventshow/45284645.cms 04 Dennis Nilsen was a homosexual killer who murdered 15 gay men within home in London, England between 1978 and 1983. He retained his victims’ bodies before dissecting their remains and disposing of their bodies by burning or flushing the remains down the toilet, which led to his capture when human flesh was discovered in his sewage system. Nilsen was sentenced to life imprisonment on 4 November 1983, with a recommendation that he serve a minimum of 25 years.  See more of : Dennis Nilsen /celebs/celeb-themes/evil-serial-killers-of-all-time/eventshow/45270642.cms 05 Amardeep Sada from Bihar is the world's younger serial killer. He killed 3 people; his first murder was committed at the age of 7. He killed his 6 month old sister, a cousin and a neighbor’s 1 year old daughter by beating repeatedly at her face with a brick. When the police asked why he killed the girl, he just kept smiling.  See more of : Amardeep Sada /celebs/celeb-themes/evil-serial-killers-of-all-time/eventshow/45284916.cms 06 Arthur Shawcross was an American serial killer, also known as the Genesee River Killer in Rochester, New York. Shawcross first killed in 1972, sexually assaulting and murdering a 10-year-old boy after luring him into a wooded area in Watertown, New York then raped and killed eight-year-old girl, for which he was captured and convicted of manslaughter. Eventually captured at the scene of his last murder, Shawcross confessed to all 12 murders and was sentenced to 250 years imprisonment, though died in prison of cardiac arrest in 2008.  See more of : Arthur Shawcross /celebs/celeb-themes/evil-serial-killers-of-all-time/eventshow/45270641.cms 07 Bharat Kalicharan, aka Akku Yadav, was a 32-year-old alleged rapist and murderer, he was more of a local goon. Yadav was lynched by a mob right outside Nagpur District Court. One of women even hacked his penis off. Yadav was stabbed over seventy times, and chili powder and stones were thrown in his face. Akku Yadav's nephew, Aman Yadv was stabbed to death following similar circumstances.  See more of : Bharat Kalicharan /celebs/celeb-themes/evil-serial-killers-of-all-time/eventshow/45269588.cms 08 The Nithari killers: Surinder Koli was the domestic help of Moninder Singh Pandher, a wealthy businessman from Noida. Initially in 2006, they were both arrested in connection to the discovery of skulls of missing children in Nithari village in the outskirts of Noida. There were accusations of rape, cannibalism, pedophilia and even organ trafficking. At present his servant Surinder Koli has been convicted of five murders and sentenced to death. 11 murders remain officially unsolved pending further legal proceedings.  /celebs/celeb-themes/evil-serial-killers-of-all-time/eventshow/45284575.cms 09 Jeffrey Dahmer also known as the Milwaukee Cannibal, was an American serial killer and sex offender, who committed the rape, murder and dismemberment of 17 men and boys between 1978 and 1991. He also committed necrophilia and ate parts of his later victims, dismembering and cooking parts of their bodies within his home. In 1992 Dahmer was convicted of 15 of the murders and sentenced to 15 terms of life imprisonment. However just two years into his sentence he was beaten to death by a fellow inmate at the Columbia Correctional Institution.  See more of : Jeffrey Dahmer /celebs/celeb-themes/evil-serial-killers-of-all-time/eventshow/45269161.cms 10 Mohan Kumar, also known as Cyanide Mohan, is a serial killer who preyed on women looking for marriage. He used to lure unmarried girls into having sex with him and then trick them into taking contraceptives which were actually cyanide pills. He was tried for murder of 20 women in a Mangalore fast track court. Before he went on this murderous rampage, he used to be a teacher of Physical Education at a primary school. He was sentenced to death in December 2013.  See more of : Mohan Kumar 01 02 03 04 05 06 07 08 09 10 /pgpagination.cms?msid=45268513&curpg=1 Featured today in Celebs Celebs' personal album Draped beauties Look-alike Celebs Betrayals in Bollywood Celebrity Bad Girls Featured today in Celeb Themes Celebrity Fights: Fans Sl... Crimes committed by sport... Evil serial killers of al... Celebs who are just frien... Religious Celebs Celebs accused of shoplif... Featured today in Photogallery 100 Hot Victoria's Secret... Evil serial killers of al... Make-up makeovers! Bigg Boss 8: Sneak Peek Celebs caught and bowled! Celeb Kids from Broken Fa... /pgrelatedgallery.cms?query=Charles-Sobhraj Most Popular in Photogallery 48 Hrs Week Month All Time Divas in sheer ensembles Bold Bollywood Debuts! Celebs and their controversies Crimes committed by sportsmen They once dated! Celebrity Fights: Fans Slapped Celebs & their kids! 50 Hottest South Sirens Is this morphed too, Veena Malik? Bold acts in B'wood! Divas in sheer ensembles Bold Bollywood Debuts! They once dated! Celebs and their controversies 42nd American Music Awards: Red Carpet Crimes committed by sportsmen Celebs & their kids! Celebrity Fights: Fans Slapped 50 Hottest South Sirens Is this morphed too, Veena Malik? Arpita Khan's wedding Movies' first look Celebs' 'Twitpics' Bold acts in B'wood! Arpita Khan-Aayush Sharma's wedding reception Horribly funny pics of animals Katrina Kaif's Portfolio Pics Bigg Boss 8: Sneak Peek Divas in sheer ensembles Indian-origin hotties in the West Celebs' 'Twitpics' Celebs' oops moment! Bold acts in B'wood! Movies' first look Celebrity photoshoots Celebrity FB Pics Katrina Kaif's Portfolio Pics Porn stars who went mainstream Celebs caught braless Celebs' hush-hush weddings Most Popular in Celebs / Arpita Khan's wedding Divas in sheer ensembles Bold Bollywood Debuts! They once dated! 50 Hottest South Sirens Celebrity FB Pics Sportsmen-actresses love stories Stars with adopted kids Celebs and their controversies Hottest TV actresses Katrina Kaif's Portfolio Pics Indian-origin hotties in the West Breathtaking natural wonders Expensive weddings in the world Celebs' 'Twitpics' Highest paid TV actors Most Popular in Celeb Themes / Highest paid TV actors Expensive weddings in the world Breathtaking natural wonders Celebs' hush-hush weddings Indian-origin hotties in the West Celebs' 'Twitpics' Hottest TV actresses Celebs and their controversies Stars with adopted kids Sportsmen-actresses love stories Celebrity FB Pics 50 Hottest South Sirens Bold Bollywood Debuts! They once dated! Divas in sheer ensembles Arpita Khan's wedding Featured today in Photogallery 100 Hot Victoria's Secret Models Evil serial killers of all time Make-up makeovers! Bigg Boss 8: Sneak Peek Celebs caught and bowled! Celeb Kids from Broken Families Phil Hughes is dead Celebs who are just friends! Tags Charles Sobhraj THE TIMES OF INDIA Powered byINDIATIMES About us Advertise with us Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Privacy policy Feedback RSS Newsletter TOI Mobile ePaper Archives Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times | इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ | Mumbai Mirror Times Now | Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स | महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ | Lifehacker India Gizmodo India Living and entertainment Timescity | iDiva | Bollywood | Zoom Travel Destinations | Nightlife Sunny Leone Photos Networkingitimes | Dating & Chat | Email Hot on the Web Travel Guide | Poonam Pandey Photos YouTube Services Book print ads | Online shopping | Business solutions | Book domains | Web hosting Business email | Free SMS | Free email | Website design | CRM | Tenders Hotels | Matrimonial | Ringtones | Astrology | Jobs | Property | Buy car Cars in India | Deals Copyright © 2014 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service
