Linked Lists Archives - GeeksforGeeks GeeksforGeeks A computer science portal for geeks GeeksQuiz Login Home Algorithms DS GATE Interview Corner Q&A C C++ Java Books Contribute Ask a Q About Array Bit Magic C/C++ Articles GFacts Linked List MCQ Misc Output String Tree Graph Maximum Sum Linked List out of two Sorted Linked Lists having some Common nodes Leave a comment | Filed under Linked Lists November 28, 2014 Given two sorted linked lists, construct a linked list that contains maximum sum path from start to end. The result list may contain nodes from both input lists. Read More » Given a linked list, reverse alternate nodes and append at the end 26 Comments | Filed under Linked Lists February 18, 2014 Given a linked list, reverse alternate nodes and append them to end of list. Extra allowed space is O(1) Read More » Pairwise swap elements of a given linked list by changing links 33 Comments | Filed under Linked Lists January 3, 2014 Given a singly linked list, write a function to swap elements pairwise. For example, if the linked list is 1->2->3->4->5->6->7 Read More » Self Organizing List | Set 1 (Introduction) 1 Comment | Filed under Linked Lists September 8, 2013 The worst case search time for a sorted linked list is O(n). With a Balanced Binary Search Tree, we can skip almost half of the nodes after one comparison with root. Read More » Merge a linked list into another linked list at alternate positions 34 Comments | Filed under Linked Lists August 20, 2013 Given two linked lists, insert nodes of second list into first list at alternate positions of first list. Read More » QuickSort on Singly Linked List 21 Comments | Filed under Linked Lists June 28, 2013 QuickSort on Doubly Linked List is discussed here. QuickSort on Singly linked list was given as an exercise. Following is C++ implementation for same. Read More » Delete N nodes after M nodes of a linked list 40 Comments | Filed under Linked Lists June 11, 2013 Given a linked list and two integers M and N. Traverse the linked list such that you retain M nodes then delete next N nodes, continue the same till end of the linked list. Difficulty Level: Rookie Read More » Design a stack with operations on middle element 22 Comments | Filed under Linked Lists June 8, 2013 How to implement a stack which will support following operations in O(1) time complexity? 1) push() which adds an element to the top of stack. 2) pop() which removes an element from top of stack. Read More » Swap Kth node from beginning with Kth node from end in a Linked List 39 Comments | Filed under Linked Lists May 10, 2013 Given a singly linked list, swap kth node from beginning with kth node from end. Swapping of data is not allowed, only pointers should be changed. Read More » QuickSort on Doubly Linked List 13 Comments | Filed under Linked Lists April 25, 2013 Following is a typical recursive implementation of QuickSort for arrays. The implementation uses last element as pivot. Read More » Skip List | Set 1 (Introduction) 20 Comments | Filed under Linked Lists March 17, 2013 Can we search in a sorted linked list in better than O(n) time? The worst case search time for a sorted linked list is O(n) as we can only linearly traverse the list and cannot skip nodes while searching. Read More » Flatten a multilevel linked list 35 Comments | Filed under Linked Lists February 22, 2013 Given a linked list where in addition to the next pointer, each node has a child pointer, which may or may not point to a separate list. These child lists may have one or more children of their own, and so on, to produce a multilevel data structure, as shown in below figure. Read More » Sort a linked list of 0s, 1s and 2s 67 Comments | Filed under Linked Lists December 11, 2012 Given a linked list of 0s, 1s and 2s, sort it. Source: Microsoft Interview | Set 1 Read More » Add two numbers represented by linked lists | Set 2 42 Comments | Filed under Linked Lists October 20, 2012 Given two numbers represented by two linked lists, write a function that returns sum list. The sum list is linked list representation of addition of two input numbers. Read More » Page 1 of 512345» Interview Experiences Advanced Data Structures Dynamic Programming Greedy Algorithms Backtracking Pattern Searching Divide & Conquer Mathematical Algorithms Recursion Geometric Algorithms Popular Posts All permutations of a given string Memory Layout of C Programs Understanding “extern” keyword in C Median of two sorted arrays Tree traversal without recursion and without stack! Structure Member Alignment, Padding and Data Packing Intersection point of two Linked Lists Lowest Common Ancestor in a BST. Check if a binary tree is BST or not Sorted Linked List to Balanced BST Follow @GeeksforGeeks Subscribe Recent Comments @geeksforgeeks, Some rights reserved        Contact Us! Powered by WordPress & MooTools, customized by geeksforgeeks team
