Celebs and their controversies- The Times of India Photogallery Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times| More More Celeb Themes Home City India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Life & Style Women Spirituality NRI Photos Videos Bengaluru techie jumps to death from fourth floor Waiter shot dead over payment for two chappa... Heritage city status sought for Patna Nigerians take Hyderabad businessman for a B... Man gets 5-year jail term for sexual abuse o... If staff can’t keep city clean, fire them: D... Man held at Ahmedabad airport with gold wort... Woman techie assaulted, robbed in moving aut... Thane man gets death for rape of 6-year-old J&K: Arnia encounter over, 5 civilians among 12 dead Air Force chief unveils new pilot selection ... Operation to arrest godman Rampal cost Rs 26... Schoolboy stabbed to death at govt school in... Mullaperiyar dam: TN seeks Kerala's cooperat... Man can't desert wife, kids on ground of une... Bhopal gas tragedy: Toxic waste disposal sti... Some states want Maoism to continue: CRPF ch... PM Modi returns after successful Saarc meet Let us curb welfare for migrants or risk British EU exit: UK PM Volcano in south Japan erupts, disrupting fl... Storm cuts power, lifts roofs in Australian ... Conflicting policies erode US standing in Mi... Over 100 dead in clashes in Sudan's Kordofan... Taliban kill 5 in Kabul in attacks on Britis... Venezuela says 13 dead in prison disturbance Woman’s selfie catches Bill Clinton ogling a... Syrian troops kill 30 rebels near Damascus Public sector banks to get autonomy on appointment of auditors Kotak Mahindra-PineBridge mutual funds deal ... Mauritius inks Rs 100 crore deal with HAL fo... Grupo Nutresa buys Colombia's biggest fast f... Jet Airways shares zoom 20% Rupee falls to nine-month low of 62.03 vs do... Sensex, Nifty hit new highs as rate cut hope... Govt plans to cut stake in state banks, rais... Coal verdict: Govt sees $15.6bn hit on state... Mobile price war: RCom offers unlimited data at Rs 999 Apple iPad Air 2, iPad mini 3 launched in In... Samsung employees fear layoffs as annual res... Android 5.0 (Lollipop): 16 new features Cyanogen dumps OnePlus in India, ties up wit... First Impressions: Asus ZenWatch Samsung leads Indian tablet market: IDC Tablet sales in India post record growth in ... Infosys organizes US hackathon to attract gl... ISL Live Blog: Delhi Dynamos FC vs Mumbai City FC Chinese prodigy knocks out Advani in World S... Sindhu enters Macau Open Grand Prix Gold sem... ISL more popular than Italy's Serie A: Organ... Rafael Nadal, Andy Murray join Phillip Hughe... Young reveals Man United's faith in Louis va... ISL: NorthEast United thrash leaders Chennai... EPL: Arsenal and Liverpool seek to halt drif... Indian Super League hits one million in-stad... Movie Review: 'Ungli' Review: The Hunger Games: Mockingjay Diandra and Gautam lock themselves in the ba... Spoiler: Ungli Films releasing this weekend: November 28, 2... Is the Badlapur poster inspired by Inception... Bigg Boss 8: Highlights of this season Raveena briefs Onir to tone down lovemaking ... Spoiler: Penguins of Madagascar 'Past sex partners may decide looks of your kid' In pics: 5 Things a guy notices about you fi... Makeup tips for the busy professional Lahore author wins pan-Asian book award Recipe: Lauki ki kheer Ways to strike visual harmony in your home Post break-up romantic reads How women can get the first date right Hand and nail care 101 19 Indian students in Malaysia to be sent back home Indian gets prestigious research grant under... 100 Hot Victoria's Secret Models Evil serial killers of all time Worst animal attacks Sportsmen-actresses love stories Make-up makeovers! Bigg Boss 8: Sneak Peek First pictures: Indian youth who joined ... Self-styled 'godman' Rampal produced in ... AMU rebuffs BJP, V-C writes to Smriti Ir... Burdwan terror probe widens: Bangladeshi... Mamata vs BJP war escalates Arnia: Army launches operation to flush ... FOLLOW TOI Photos Movies MOVIES Bollywood International Tamil Telugu Malayalam Kannada Bengali Marathi Punjabi Bhojpuri Premiere Film Festivals Movies' first look Ungli Action Jackson The Hunger Games: Mockingjay Happy Ending Zed Plus The Shaukeens Interstellar FOLLOW US ON Celebs Fashion FASHION Indian Shows Foreign Shows Indian-Models Foreign-Models-in-India Foreign-Models Designers Ileana D'Cruz walks the ramp for Satya Paul Nisha Sainani’s collection preview WIFW '15: Day 5: Rohit Bal WIFW '15: Day 4: Wendell Rodricks WIFW '15: Day 3: Shivan & Narresh WIFW '15: Day 3: Ritu Pande WIFW '15: Day 4: Mrinalini WIFW '15: Day 3: Ashish N Soni FOLLOW US ON Beauty Pageants BEAUTY PAGEANTS Miss India Miss Diva Miss World Miss Universe Miss International Miss Earth Mr. India World World-Pageants Miss Diva Universe 2014: Performance Miss Diva Universe 2014: Sub-contest Sundowner Party: Miss Diva Universe 2014 Miss Universe Myanmar 2014 Mr World 2014 Miss USA 2014 Mr World 2014 - Talent Auditions Prateek Jain leaves for Mr World FOLLOW US ON Awards AWARDS TOIFA Filmfare Awards Times Regional Film Awards Golden Globe Awards IIFA Times Food Guide Nightlife Awards Academy Awards BAFTA Mirchi Music Awards Grammy IPL Awards Awards and Honours 42nd American Music Awards: Performance Grey Goose Fly Beyond Awards MTV Europe Music Awards '14 Hello! Hall Of Fame Awards '14 Positive Health Awards '14 Hello! Hall Of Fame Awards '14: Red Carpet BIG Marathi Entertainment Awards ITA Awards 2014 FOLLOW US ON Events EVENTS Delhi Mumbai Kolkata Bangalore Hyderabad Chennai Pune Lucknow Ahmedabad Nagpur Kanpur Jaipur Goa Kerala Chandigarh Zid: Promotions Bipasha, Milind @ Pinkathon Action Jackson: Song launch Tevar: Song launch World Percussion Festival held in Delhi PK: Press meet Zed Plus: Promotions Party at Illusions pub FOLLOW US ON TV TV Stars Shows Behind-the-Scenes Khatron Ke Khiladi 6: Contestants revealed Tum Aise Hi Rehna: Launch KBC 7 Premiere Bigg Boss 8: Sneak Peek India's Raw Star: On the sets Maharakshak Aryan: Launch Yeh Pal Hamara Hai: Launch India's Raw Star: Launch FOLLOW US ON Sports SPORTS Cricket IPL Tennis Football Badminton Golf Hockey F1 Other Sports Basket-Ball Olympics Events Vintage Federer seals first Davis Cup for Switzerl... Srikanth, Saina clinch titles at China Open India beat Sri Lanka, win series 5-0 Rayudu's ton sinks Sri Lanka Rohit's record 264 leads Sri Lanka thrashing Tendulkar: Chappell wanted him as India captain Force India's Perez handed seven place grid penalt... Rahane, Dhawan crush Sri Lanka FOLLOW US ON Gadgets GADGETS Celebs-and-Tech Computers Tablets Phones Cameras Accessories Appliances Services News Events Alcatel launches Onetouch Flash 'selfie' phone Apple iPhone 6, 6 Plus go on sale in India GPS app for Haryana Roadways buses soon Limited spectrum sale disappointing: Vodafone Skype to block local voice calls Top Mobile phone makers in India Twitter terms you must know In Pics: Apple iPhone's evolution FOLLOW US ON Lens Food Drinks Beauty Health Home Garden Travel Ardor Resto Bar and Lounge Daniell's Tavern Cocktails & Dreams The Pint Room Crostini Latitude Tarami The Oriental Blossom FOLLOW US ON News NEWS India World Business Auto Events Narendra Modi signs 10 agreements with Nepal Polling begins for first phase of J&K elections Murli Deora dies of cancer Snowstorm in US Google's new service lets you block ads 'Godman' Rampal arrested, 15,000 followers freed, ... Violence erupts at Rampal's ashram in Hisar Facebook launches new app for its Groups feature FOLLOW US ON Holi Special HOLI SPECIAL Vineet Jains Holi Party 2013 Holi 2013 Holi 2012 Vineet Jains Holi Party 2012 Vineet Jains Holi Party 2011 Holi 2011 Vineet Jains Holi Party 2010 Vineet Jain's Zoom Holi Party Forever Holi songs Holi: Celebrations Across India Best of Vineet Jain's Holi Vineet Jain's Holi Party '13 - 1 Vineet Jain's Holi Party '13 - 2 Vineet Jain's Holi Party '13 - 3 Zoom Holi party FOLLOW US ON 100 Yrs of Indian Cinema Bollywood International Tamil Telugu Malayalam Kannada Bengali Marathi Punjabi Celeb Themes Celebrity Morphs Sports Music Royalty Trending Now:Sean AbbottPhil HughesMannaraZidFitoorVeena MalikFergusonPKZed PlusBigg Boss 8 You are here: TOI Home » Photos » Celebs » Celeb Themes FOLLOW US ON: Photos TOI Mail This Photo Celebs and their controversies 01 Pakistan actor Veena Malik, her husband, and the owner of the country's biggest media group, Geo TV, have been sentenced to 26 years in prison by an anti-terrorism court for allegedly airing a blasphemous programme. Judge Shahbaz Khan also sentenced both Malik and Bashir, along with TV host Shaista Wahidi, to 26 years each. The ATC also imposed a 1.3 million Pakistani rupees fine on the convicts.  See more of : Veena Malik /celebs/celeb-themes/celebs-and-their-controversies/eventshow/45280339.cms 01 Pakistan actor Veena Malik, her husband, and the owner of the country's biggest media group, Geo TV, have been sentenced to 26 years in prison by an anti-terrorism court for allegedly airing a blasphemous programme. Judge Shahbaz Khan also sentenced both Malik and Bashir, along with TV host Shaista Wahidi, to 26 years each. The ATC also imposed a 1.3 million Pakistani rupees fine on the convicts.  See more of : Veena Malik /celebs/celeb-themes/celebs-and-their-controversies/eventshow/45067245.cms 02 The list of Sanjay Dutt's legal troubles just got longer. The actor, who is currently incarcer ated, is facing a lawsuit from Ekta Kapoor, who is represented by Naik Naik & Co. (BCCL) See more of : Sanjay Dutt, Ekta Kapoor /celebs/celeb-themes/celebs-and-their-controversies/eventshow/45067247.cms 03 Ekta has taken the actor to court over Rs 1.5 crore that she paid Sanjay for a film which she was to co-produce with Suniel Shetty. Mirror has it that recently Suniel tried to sort out the matter by approaching Sanjay's wife Manyata Dutt and requested her to pay up and end the matter, but the plea fell into deaf ears. (BCCL) See more of : Sanjay Dutt, Ekta Kapoor /celebs/celeb-themes/celebs-and-their-controversies/eventshow/45067246.cms 04 The story goes that Ekta and Sanjay had locked a mega deal in 2008, which was supposed to flag off with a film starring Sanjay. The film was supposed to be co-produced by Ekta and Suniel. But soon, Ekta and Sanjay fell out and called off the deal.However the damage was already done. At Suniel's insistence, Ekta had paid Sanjay Rs 1.5 crore as signing amount for the first film. Buzz is, Sanjay got miffed when Ekta decided to join hands with his then friend-turned-foe Sanjay Gupta to produce Shootout At Wadala, which released in 2013. Sanjay and Gupta had squabbled over monetary issues during the making of Shootout at Lokhandwala (2007).The duo thereafter terminated their professional and personal ties. That they made up after few years is a different story. (BCCL) See more of : Sanjay Dutt, Ekta Kapoor /celebs/celeb-themes/celebs-and-their-controversies/eventshow/45042159.cms 05 Bengali actress Swastika Mukherjee who is all set to do her debut opposite Sushant Singh Rajput in 'Detective Byomkesh Bakshi' has been accused to shoplifting at a boutique in Singapore.  See more of : Swastika Mukherjee /celebs/celeb-themes/celebs-and-their-controversies/eventshow/45042160.cms 06 According to a report in mid-day, Swastika was in Singapore to attend Darpan film festival along with her boyfriend Suman Mukherjee and she allegedly lifted earrings worth US$225 from a boutique. The boutique owner, Apsara Oswal informed the Darpan Film Festival authorities about the incident and suggested that the CCTV footage has captured the entire incident.  See more of : Swastika Mukherjee /celebs/celeb-themes/celebs-and-their-controversies/eventshow/45042161.cms 07 He confirmed the story by saying that he has seen the CCTV footage and said that The CCTV footage shows her purchasing an expensive neckpiece and then going back to the display shelves. She tried the earrings, took the pair in her left hand and shoved the empty box behind another box. No police complaint has been lodged against Swastika. She fled from her hotel on Monday morning along with her boyfriend.  See more of : Swastika Mukherjee /celebs/celeb-themes/celebs-and-their-controversies/eventshow/44979771.cms 08 Police have arrested Sana Khan along with her boy friend and a servant for allegedly assaulting a media consultant recently. Khan was allegedly upset with the victim, Poonam Khanna, suspecting that she had leaked information about Khan's relationship with her boyfriend that landed her in legal trouble. The police produced them before a court on the same day and they were released on bail.  See more of : Sana Khan /celebs/celeb-themes/celebs-and-their-controversies/eventshow/35762442.cms 09 Mallika Sherawat is all set to raise the political temperature this scorching summer with the first look poster of her upcoming flick, Dirty Politics. The poster shows Mallika draped in a tricolour, and has Rajasthan's filmmaker KC Bokadia in trouble of the political kind. As he says, "workers of a political party from Rajasthan are putting pressure on me to change the tricolour into some other scrap of fabric."  See more of : Mallika Sherawat /celebs/celeb-themes/celebs-and-their-controversies/eventshow/32720025.cms 10 Pakistani actress Meera's MMS scandal leaked yet another private video of Pakistani starlet Meera aka Irtaza Rubab, which leaked over the internet.  See more of : Meera 01 02 03 04 05 06 07 08 09 10 /pgpagination.cms?msid=27675290&curpg=1 Featured today in Celebs Celebs' personal album Draped beauties Look-alike Celebs Betrayals in Bollywood Celebrity Bad Girls Featured today in Celeb Themes Celebrity Fights: Fans Sl... Crimes committed by sport... Evil serial killers of al... Celebs who are just frien... Religious Celebs Celebs accused of shoplif... More Veena Malik Photos Featured today in Photogallery 100 Hot Victoria's Secret... Evil serial killers of al... Worst animal attacks Sportsmen-actresses love ... Make-up makeovers! Bigg Boss 8: Sneak Peek /pgrelatedgallery.cms?query=Veena-Malik Most Popular in Photogallery 48 Hrs Week Month All Time Divas in sheer ensembles Bold Bollywood Debuts! Celebs and their controversies Crimes committed by sportsmen They once dated! Celebrity Fights: Fans Slapped Celebs & their kids! 50 Hottest South Sirens Is this morphed too, Veena Malik? Bold acts in B'wood! Divas in sheer ensembles Bold Bollywood Debuts! They once dated! Celebs and their controversies Crimes committed by sportsmen 42nd American Music Awards: Red Carpet Celebrity Fights: Fans Slapped Celebs & their kids! Bold acts in B'wood! 50 Hottest South Sirens Arpita Khan's wedding Movies' first look Celebs' 'Twitpics' Bold acts in B'wood! Arpita Khan-Aayush Sharma's wedding reception Horribly funny pics of animals Katrina Kaif's Portfolio Pics Bigg Boss 8: Sneak Peek Divas in sheer ensembles Indian-origin hotties in the West Celebs' 'Twitpics' Celebs' oops moment! Bold acts in B'wood! Movies' first look Celebrity photoshoots Celebrity FB Pics Katrina Kaif's Portfolio Pics Porn stars who went mainstream Celebs caught braless Celebs' hush-hush weddings Most Popular in Celebs / Arpita Khan's wedding Divas in sheer ensembles Bold Bollywood Debuts! They once dated! 50 Hottest South Sirens Celebrity FB Pics Sportsmen-actresses love stories Stars with adopted kids Celebs and their controversies Hottest TV actresses Katrina Kaif's Portfolio Pics Indian-origin hotties in the West Breathtaking natural wonders Expensive weddings in the world Celebs' 'Twitpics' Highest paid TV actors Most Popular in Celeb Themes / Highest paid TV actors Expensive weddings in the world Breathtaking natural wonders Celebs' hush-hush weddings Indian-origin hotties in the West Celebs' 'Twitpics' Hottest TV actresses Celebs and their controversies Stars with adopted kids Sportsmen-actresses love stories Celebrity FB Pics 50 Hottest South Sirens Bold Bollywood Debuts! They once dated! Divas in sheer ensembles Arpita Khan's wedding Featured today in Photogallery 100 Hot Victoria's Secret Models Evil serial killers of all time Make-up makeovers! Bigg Boss 8: Sneak Peek Celebs caught and bowled! Celeb Kids from Broken Families Phil Hughes is dead Celebs who are just friends! Tags Veena Malik THE TIMES OF INDIA Powered byINDIATIMES About us Advertise with us Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Privacy policy Feedback RSS Newsletter TOI Mobile ePaper Archives Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times | इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ | Mumbai Mirror Times Now | Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स | महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ | Lifehacker India Gizmodo India Living and entertainment Timescity | iDiva | Bollywood | Zoom Travel Destinations | Nightlife Sunny Leone Photos Networkingitimes | Dating & Chat | Email Hot on the Web Travel Guide | Poonam Pandey Photos YouTube Services Book print ads | Online shopping | Business solutions | Book domains | Web hosting Business email | Free SMS | Free email | Website design | CRM | Tenders Hotels | Matrimonial | Ringtones | Astrology | Jobs | Property | Buy car Cars in India | Deals Copyright © 2014 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service
