Ungli movie review: Wallpaper, Story, Trailer at Times of India Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times| More More Follow ADVERTISEMENT Movie Review The Times of India The Times of India Indiatimes Web (by Google) Video Photos Advanced Search » Home City India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Life & Style Women Spirituality NRI Photos Videos Bengaluru techie jumps to death from fourth floor Waiter shot dead over payment for two chappa... Heritage city status sought for Patna Nigerians take Hyderabad businessman for a B... Man gets 5-year jail term for sexual abuse o... If staff can’t keep city clean, fire them: D... Man held at Ahmedabad airport with gold wort... Woman techie assaulted, robbed in moving aut... Thane man gets death for rape of 6-year-old FOLLOW TOI Hindi Entertainment Hindi English Tamil Telugu Malayalam Kannada Bengali Punjabi Marathi Bhojpuri Gujarati Bollywood Top Stories News Previews Did you Know ? Box Office Specials Movie Review TV Top Stories News Trade News Specials Music Top Stories News Music Videos Music Reviews Music Events Top 10 Theatre Events Mumbai Delhi Bangalore Hyderabad Chennai Kolkata Pune Nagpur Lucknow Bhopal Goa Indore Ahmedabad Jaipur Kochi Kanpur Raipur Patna Others Beauty Pageants Photos Videos You are here: Home » Entertainment » Hindi » Movie Review » Ungli Movie Review Breaking News: Movie Reviews Find Movies By: Latest | Alphabets | Release Date FromJanFebMarAprMayJunJulAugSepOctNovDec201420132012201120102009200820072006ToJanFebMarAprMayJunJulAugSepOctNovDec201420132012201120102009200820072006 All|#|A|B|C|D|E|F|G|H|I|J|K|L|M|N|O|P|Q|R|S|T|U|V|W|X|Y|Z Ungli The Critic has posted comments on this MovieMadhureeta Mukherjee, TNN, Nov 28, 2014, 03.10PM IST comments Email this review Save this review Print this review AReduce font size AIncrease font size My Saved reviews Critic's ReviewPlot SpoilerTrivia / GoofsTwitter Reactions Google Bookmarks Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Tags:Ungli movie review|movie review Critic's Rating:  Revised from to 2.5, based on popular feedback Cast: Emraan Hashmi, Randeep Hooda, Sanjay Dutt, Kangana Ranuat, Angad Bedi, Neil Bhoopalam, Neha Dhupia Direction: Rensil D’ Silva Genre: Drama Duration: 1 hour 54 minutes Avg Readers Rating: Rate this movie: Your rating1 (Poor)1.5 (Below average)2 (Average)2.5 (Above average)3 (Watchable)3.5 (Good)4 (Very good)4.5 (Very good +)5 (Outstanding) Check out UngliUngli show timings in Check out show timings in Find Scroll for more Times Of India More from Ungli Ungli: Trailer Dance Basanti: Ungli Ungli Pe Nachalein: Ungli Emraan Hashmi's exclusive interview for 'Ungli' Ungli: Trailer Dance Basanti: Ungli Ungli Pe Nachalein: Ungli Emraan Hashmi's exclusive interview for 'Ungli' A Good Thought - 'Fingered'! Story: Four friends turn into vigilantes to clean up corruption and crime in the country. Review: This story has its heart in the right place, mind all over the place, and finger on the wrong pulse. 'Ungli' is socially relevant, earnest in delivering a strong message, albeit, the weak execution doesn't support the larger intent. Abhay (Randeep) a crime journalist, Maya (Kangana) a medical intern, Goti (Neil) a computer hardware expert, and Kalim (Angad) a garage owner - are four buddies so enraged with our corrupt system that they show law-makers the middle finger and then take law into their own hands. Here's the back story. Their buddy was beaten up by a powerful man's son; the victim went into coma and justice was denied. From there team 'Ungli' is born. movie The fearless foursome dressed in black face masks, hoods and headlights set out to punish and shame (they're valiant, not violent) unscrupulous cops, rickshaw drivers, RTO officers and government babus. Television channels are sent recordings of their operations, and soon they become darlins' of the aam junta and sansani khabar for the media. Their plans are simple and too smooth - therein lies the problem. Enter ACP Kale (Dutt) who's given the task of tracking down the cool criminals. Enter bindaas cop with a bad boy image, Nikhil (Emraan), who is hired by ACP to crack the case. At this point, an item number (by Shraddha Kapoor) also makes a forced entry. Soon, a fistful of predictable twists and turns also enter - which do nothing to turn around the story into anything out of the ordinary. Rensil D'Silva's plot is fast-paced, in spite of the many potholes it slips into. He strings the story like episodes, never allowing the drama to intensify. The outlaws have a motive, but their plans are way too improbable and flaky. There's a fleeting romance thrown in too and attacks of laughable dialogue. The performances are average - Kangana looks too bored for revenge, Emraan is unenthused and under-utilized, salt 'n' pepper Dutt tries some heavy dialogue but leaves no impact. Randeep looks believable and delivers a fine act and Neha (playing his colleague and love interest) does her part well. Plot spoiler: Click here only if you have seen the movie! Read and submit interesting trivia and goof-ups on this film For social media reactions to this movie - click here! The film points a finger at our society, and rightly so. But much of the film is pointless too. This work of Rensil's won't leave a lasting fingerprint. In-depth Analysis Our overall critic’s rating is not an average of the sub scores below. Direction 2.0/5 Dialogues 2.5/5 Story 2.5/5 Music 3.5/5 Visual appeal 2.5/5 PAGE 1PAGE 2PAGE 3PAGE 4 TRIVIA 1) Shraddha Kapoor performed her first item number in Ungli. 2) Reportedly, Emraan Hashmi had refused to share screen space with Sunny Leone who was supposed to do the item song before. 3) According to reports, Shirish Kunder was supposed to do the editing for the film, but it was later done by Deepa Bhatia due to creative differences. 4) Sanjay Dutt completed the shooting for Ungli before he was sentenced to Jail. 5) Apparently, the team of Ungli had to wait for more than a month to shoot 2-3 scenes with Sanjay Dutt, since he was going through troubled times in his personal life. 6) Ungli's release date has been delayed several times. It was earlier supposed to release on May 23, 2014, but was postponed to avoid clashing with other films. TRIVIA 1) Shraddha Kapoor performed her first item number in Ungli. 2) Reportedly, Emraan Hashmi had refused to share screen space with Sunny Leone who was supposed to do the item song before. 3) According to reports, Shirish Kunder was supposed to do the editing for the film, but it was later done by Deepa Bhatia due to creative differences. 4) Sanjay Dutt completed the shooting for Ungli before he was sentenced to Jail. 5) Apparently, the team of Ungli had to wait for more than a month to shoot 2-3 scenes with Sanjay Dutt, since he was going through troubled times in his personal life. 6) Ungli's release date has been delayed several times. It was earlier supposed to release on May 23, 2014, but was postponed to avoid clashing with other films. Have some interesting trivia on the film? Noticed some goof up? Click here to submit. Critic's Review - UngliPlot spoiler: Click here only if you have seen the movie!For social media reactions to this movie - click here! Spoiler alert! Read further only if you have seen the film, since the information below reveals the entire plot of the movie. PLOT SUMMARY The film opens with an old man waiting for his pension file to be passed by a government official. He gets into a verbal spat with the officer who is dismissive and disrespectful towards him. Disturbed with the incident he gets a minor attack and is hospitalized. Maya (Kangana Ranaut), a medical intern at the hospital hears his story and swings into action. She calls up a member of her 'Ungli' team and says that she's identified their first target. This sets the tone for the film. Abhay Kashyap (Randeep Hooda) television crime reporter, Goti (Neil Bhoopalam) a computer hardware specialist, Kalim (Angad Bedi) a garage owner and Maya are the 'Ungli' team - loved by the aam junta, but wanted by the police force. They are social crusaders who have taken the law in their hands (and shown the law-makers a middle finger) to fight the corruption in our country. After work-hours they turn into vigilantes to fix big problems with simple solutions. They kidnap the officials who harassed the senior citizen, then take them to a stadium and put them on with an acceleration bomb which will go off the minute they stop running. They record the event and send the tapes to various TV news channels. Funnily, the bombs strapped to them are only 'laxmi' bombs, which will give them a bomb scare instead of a real bomb blast. Soon, the fearless foursome makes 'headlines' on news channels and they're popularly called the 'Ungli Gang'! Police Commissioner (Raza Murad) gets pressurized by the politicians and chief minister to nab this criminal outfit. On the other hand, Teestha (Neha Dhupia) who works as a news reporter (in the same channel where Abhay works), is given the daunting task of uncovering the Ungli gang. Abhay is attracted to her, but she's focused on the biggest story of her career. Ungli's next target. Gaikwad, a politician who plasters the walls of the city with his life-size posters. And when a NGO speaks up, they are shunned by his goons. Ungli gang barges into the politician's house (with ease), entering his room, injecting him with sedatives (remember Maya is a medical intern!) while we don't hear a whimper from him. They paste Ungli posters all over his house and leave an Ungli tattoo on his back too - all this happens while his huge security force is dwindling their thumbs (really?!). The Police Commissioner is under tremendous pressure, he assigns the most honest and virtuous, ACP Kale (Sanjay Dutt) the task of cracking down the Ungli team. Meanwhile, Teestha is struggling to tap clues that will lead her to the pack of four. Goti advises Abhay that the only way to impress her is to tip her off on some information about the gang. Didn't crime-reporter, the super-smart Abhay (with a high IQ) ever think of this himself??? Next target. A RTO official who blindly issues a driving license to anyone - doesn't matter if you are underage or even blind - simply show him the moolah! The Ungli team straps the RTO official to the passenger seat and makes a blind man drive him around recklessly. Of course, this is a set-up, he's not a blind, but it opens up the corrupt officer's eyes to reality. As the Ungli gang's popularity becomes unstoppable, ACP Kale decides he needs someone else on board. A cop who is razor sharp, witty and can think like a criminal. Nikhil (Emraan) his best cop-buddy's (on died on duty) son, who is calm, cool but far from ambitious about his career in the police force. Nikhil adopts the Ungli gang's style of punishing victims to attract their attention. He explodes mini-bombs on the road leading to a BMC officer's house. The road was recently reconstructed with public money only to welcome his daughter's baraat. Nikhil records the incident (just like the Ungli gang, even using their logo) and sends it to television channels. The public assumes that this is another one of their 'good deeds', but it raises suspicion and fear amongst the Ungli team. Nikhil also leaves a message (scribbled on the backdrop of his video) asking them to meet him at a certain time and place. After much convincing Nikhil joins their group and trains with them for their next targets. He learns about the gang's real inspiration for turning into vigilantes. Ricky (Arunoday Singh) their gym instructor and Maya's brother got beaten by Anshuman Dayal (a powerful police fixer's spoilt son). Ricky ends up in a state of coma, witnesses turn hostile and the friends are left fighting for justice. Frustrated with the corrupt system the four buddies become the 'Ungli' gang. Nikhil is moved to tears with their heart-wrenching, and soon he becomes one of them. But few scenes later his cop conscience kicks in and he discloses information about them to his boss Kale. Of course, this lasts for only a few minutes. When Kale gets his hands on them, Nikhil quickly swings into action and saves his gang. Kale is utterly disappointed with Nikhil's change of heart, he fires some heavy-duty dialogues at him - but it's all in vain. Nikhil is exposed and the Ungli gang feels betrayed. And Kale is about to be bombed with more surprises. His boss tells him that the only way he can secure his career in the police force is by bribing the 'fixer' of all police officers (Dayal - played by Mahesh Manjrekar). Dayal parks and hoards all the excess money earned by cops and promises them a steady, solid career. Shocked and shaken, Kale he has nowhere to go - to set the system straight - but to the Ungli gang. Surprise!!! He forgives Nikhil, forgets all his righteousness and joins the gang that he calls 'criminals' (cool and convenient!) Critic's Review - UngliRead and submit interesting trivia and goof-ups on this filmFor social media reactions to this movie - click here! Rensil D'Silva's Ungli which challenges the corrupt system in its own way is out in theatres. The film starring Emraan Hashmi, Kangana Ranaut, Randeep Hooda, Neil Bhoopalam, Angad Bedi and Sanjay Dutt has been getting diverse reviews from the moviegoers. Let's take a look at what the audience has to say on twitter... A negative tweet Intention behind making #Ungli is honest but the long-in-the-making film looks dated,doesn't go 4 d kill in d end n isn't entertaining enuf! — Faridoon Shahryar (@iFaridoon) November 28, 2014 A funny tweet Movie released called Ungli and in posters they are showing Middle Finger. Going bby reports, Audience also returning them the Favour — Joy (@Joydas) November 28, 2014 Positive tweets Watched my dear friend, Rensil Dsilvas film, Ungli, last night. It was so well made and thought provoking. Cinema with a conscience.. #Ungli — mandira bedi (@mandybedi) November 28, 2014 How the 'system' can be shown the finger! Wonder if #Ungli will make many more of us want to join this gang ;) @RensilDSilva @zmilap — Dia Mirza (@deespeak) November 27, 2014 Practically speaking, if we really want India free of corruption, we do need the #UngliGang. Go watch this thought provoking movie #UNGLI — Devansh Patel (@PatelDevansh) November 28, 2014 Critic's Review - UngliPlot spoiler: Click here only if you have seen the movie!Read and submit interesting trivia and goof-ups on this film PAGE 1PAGE 2PAGE 3PAGE 4 Titoo MBA You can now SMS your reviews to Type rev<space>ung<space>your name<space>your rating(choose 1,1.5,2,2.5,3,3.5,4,4.5 or 5)<space>Add your comments if any, and send to 58888 Eg : rev ung anuj 3 cool movie Post another review What do you think? Post Your Review. We encourage you to log in and review. Non-logged-in reviews will go through a verification process for security reasons. Log in to post this review Please Rate this movie before posting your Review Rate this movie1    (Poor)1.5 (Below average)2    (Average)2.5 (Above average)3    (Watchable)3.5 (Good)4    (Very good)4.5 (Very good +)5    (Outstanding) Write your review Characters Remaining: 3000 Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. pOST rEVIEW Connect using any of the following Please Login to Rate/Review this movie Share their opinion with friends Post comments without moderation Save articles to read at leisure Post your review We encourage you to register/login and proceed. However, if you choose to remain non-loggedin, you are required to fill up the form below and verify your email address before we can publish your review. That way, we can verify that the email address doesn't belong to someone else. Register/Login Proceed Without Registration Full Name Location Email Solve 6 + 0 =2 Proceed Connect using any of the following Please Login to Rate/Review this movie Share their opinion with friends Post comments without moderation Save articles to read at leisure Post your review We encourage you to register/login and proceed. However, if you choose to remain non-loggedin, you are required to fill up the form below and verify your email address before we can publish your review. That way, we can verify that the email address doesn't belong to someone else. Register/Login Proceed Without Registration Full Name Location Email Solve 6 + 0 =2 Proceed Thanks! We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Email sent Subscribe to Movie Review NewsletterGet reviews of the latest theatrical releases every week Readers' reviews ALL REVIEWS FROM 58888 Subscribe to our Newsletters Top News (Daily) Tech News (Daily) Entertainment (Daily) Life & Style (Daily) Movie Review (Weekly)    Login It seems you are already registered with us. Please enter your account details below: User Name: Password: Forgot Password? FEATURED TODAY IN Movie Reviews Ungli The Hunger Games: Mockingjay - Part 1 Penguins of Madagascar Horrible Bosses 2 Spoiler: Ungli » More FEATURED TODAY IN ENTERTAINMENT Movie Review: 'Ungli' Review: The Hunger Games: Mockingjay Diandra and Gautam lock themselves in the bathroom Spoiler: Ungli Films releasing this weekend: November 28, 2014 » More FEATURED TODAY IN NEWS ‘No-Ebola certificate’ must to enter India from affected countries GDP growth slows to 5.3% in September quarter ‘100 deaths daily’: Bihar's killer pneumonia Thousands of animals sacrificed in Nepal ritual Indian gets 3 strokes of cane for Singapore riot » More What do you think? Post Your Review.We encourage you to login and review Non logged-in reviews will go through a verification process for security reasons. Log in to post this review Please Rate this movie before posting your Review Rate this movie1  (Poor)1.5 (Below average)2  (Average)2.5 (Above average)3  (Watchable)3.5 (Good)4  (Very good)4.5 (Very good +)5  (Outstanding) Your reply Characters Remaining: 3000 You are requested to refrain from posting obscene, defamatory or inflammatory comments or indulging in personal attacks or name calling. You take responsibility for the comments you post and you shall not post comments that incite hatred against any community. We reserve the right to share your details, including the ip address used to post the comment, if asked by the authorities. pOST rEPLY Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Please answer this simple math question. 5 + 3 =4 . LATEST NEWS IN THIS SECTION ENTIRE WEBSITE Titoo MBA Happy Ending 6-5=2 Kill Dil » More MOST POPULAR READ COMMENTED SHARED VIDEOS QUICKSTIR 7 Kheer Recipes To Cure 'Rampal Kheer Phobia' 9 Great Philosophers And Their Inspiring Quotes! Powerful Poem On Our Obsession With Validation! Let's Honour These 7 Real Men On Int'l Men's Day more from QuickStir» THE TIMES OF INDIA Get a replica of your favourite edition of TOI and feel at home. SELECT EDITION AHMEDABAD BANGALORE CHENNAI DELHI HYDERABAD JAIPUR KOLKATA LUCKNOW MUMBAI PUNE CREST EDITION Shop Mobile 58888 NRI SOLUTIONS Amazing Deals @ 1- Wide Range of Products @ Re. 1 only* » MORE SHOPPING Live Astrology » MORE MOBILE 58888 All TOI My Profile Sign into earn your Badges Moderator Find and flag inappropriate comments on Timesofindia.com by marking them offensive. Earn the Moderator badge after your action is verified by the site editor Moderator Wordsmith Have an opinion? Express it and get the Wordsmith badge for posting relevant comments on articles and photos. Wordsmith Frequent Flyer Make Timesofindia.com your news hotspot. Visit the site regularly earn this badge. Frequent Flyer Influencer Your opinion matters! Get the influencer badge when other people Recommend or Agree with your comments on Timesofindia.com. Influencer News King Read articles, watch exclusive videos or browse through our photo gallery to become a News King on Timesofindia.com News King Inboxer Top Headlines in your inbox! Subscribe to the TimesofIndia.com. newsletters and become an Inboxer. Inboxer Member Members are registered users on Timesofindia.com. Only they are qualified to earn badges and points for their activities. So register and get a badge right away! Member Networker Grow your network; get people to follow you to earn the Networker badge on Timesofindia.com. Networker Sharekhaan Share and recommend the articles, photos and videos you like on Timesofindia.com; earn the Sharekhaan badge! Sharekhaan Well Connected You can earn the Well Connected badge by linking your Facebook and Twitter accounts to your Times profile. Remember to add both your ids to get the badge! Well Connected Movie Buff Watch a movie and become a critic! Review and rate a movie on TimesofIndia.com to earn a Movie Buff Badge! Movie Buff Know more about Times Points THE TIMES OF INDIA Powered by INDIATIMES About us Advertise with us Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Privacy policy Feedback RSS Newsletter TOI Mobile ePaper Sitemap Archives Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times इकनॉमिक टाइम्स | ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ Pune Mirror | Bangalore Mirror Ahmedabad Mirror | ItsMyAscent Education Times | Brand Capital Mumbai Mirror | Times Now Indiatimes | नवभारत टाइम्स महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स | ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ Go Green | Lifehacker India Gizmodo India | Eisamay | IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainment Timescity | iDiva | Entertainment | Zoom Healthmeup | Luxpresso | Gadget Reviews Guylife | Online Songs | MensXp.com Hotels | Travel Destinations | Go Cricket Networkitimes | Dating & Chat | Email Hot on the Web World | Politics Business | Sports Entertainment Science & Tech New Cars Services Book print ads | Online shopping | Free SMS | Website design | CRM | Tenders Matrimonial | Ringtones | Astrology | Jobs | Tech Community | Property | Buy car Bikes in India | Deals | Free Classifieds | Send money to India | Used Cars Restaurants in Delhi | Movie Show Timings in Mumbai | Remit to India | Buy Mobiles Listen Songs | News | Real Estate Developers Trending TopicsWatch TV Shows | Photogallery | You Tube | Delhi Travel Guide | Katrina Kaif Photos | Best Android Phones | Hindi Songs | Credit Card | iPhone 6 Price | Facebook | Sunny Leone Photos Copyright © 2014 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Submit button. This will alert our moderators to take action Name Reason for reporting: Foul language Defamatory Inciting hatred against a certain community Out of context/Spam Others Your Reason has been Submitted to the admin. Four friends turn into vigilantes to clean up corruption and crime in the country. Moderator Find and flag inappropriate comments on Timesofindia.com by marking them offensive. Earn the Moderator badge after your action is verified by the site editor Moderator Wordsmith Have an opinion? Express it and get the Wordsmith badge for posting relevant comments on articles and photos. Wordsmith Frequent Flyer Make Timesofindia.com your news hotspot. Visit the site regularly earn this badge. Frequent Flyer Influencer Your opinion matters! Get the influencer badge when other people Recommend or Agree with your comments on Timesofindia.com. Influencer News King Read articles, watch exclusive videos or browse through our photo gallery to become a News King on Timesofindia.com News King Inboxer Top Headlines in your inbox! Subscribe to the TimesofIndia.com. newsletters and become an Inboxer. Inboxer Member Members are registered users on Timesofindia.com. Only they are qualified to earn badges and points for their activities. So register and get a badge right away! Member Networker Grow your network; get people to follow you to earn the Networker badge on Timesofindia.com. Networker Sharekhaan Share and recommend the articles, photos and videos you like on Timesofindia.com; earn the Sharekhaan badge! Sharekhaan Well Connected You can earn the Well Connected badge by linking your Facebook and Twitter accounts to your Times profile. Remember to add both your ids to get the badge! Well Connected Submit your Trivia/Goofups Type here... 2000Characters Thank You Your contribution has been submitted.
