Trees Archives - GeeksforGeeks GeeksforGeeks A computer science portal for geeks GeeksQuiz Login Home Algorithms DS GATE Interview Corner Q&A C C++ Java Books Contribute Ask a Q About Array Bit Magic C/C++ Articles GFacts Linked List MCQ Misc Output String Tree Graph Perfect Binary Tree Specific Level Order Traversal Leave a comment | Filed under Trees November 12, 2014 Given a Perfect Binary Tree like below: (click on image to get a clear view) Read More » Print Nodes in Top View of Binary Tree Leave a comment | Filed under Trees November 7, 2014 Top view of a binary tree is the set of nodes visible when the tree is viewed from the top. Given a binary tree, print the top view of it. The output nodes can be printed in any order. Read More » K Dimensional Tree Leave a comment | Filed under Trees October 31, 2014 A K-D Tree(also called as K-Dimensional Tree) is a binary search tree where data in each node is a K-Dimensional point in space. Read More » Convert a Binary Tree to Threaded binary tree Leave a comment | Filed under Trees October 29, 2014 We have discussed Threaded Binary Tree. The idea of threaded binary trees is to make inorder traversal faster and do it without stack and without recursion. Read More » Serialize and Deserialize an N-ary Tree Leave a comment | Filed under Trees October 25, 2014 Given an N-ary tree where every node has at-most N children. How to serialize and deserialze it? Serialization is to store tree in a file so that it can be later restored. Read More » Serialize and Deserialize a Binary Tree Leave a comment | Filed under Trees October 23, 2014 Serialization is to store tree in a file so that it can be later restored. The structure of tree must be maintained. Read More » Print nodes between two given level numbers of a binary tree Leave a comment | Filed under Trees October 19, 2014 Given a binary tree and two level numbers ‘low’ and ‘high’, print nodes from level low to level high. Read More » Find Height of Binary Tree represented by Parent array Leave a comment | Filed under Trees October 5, 2014 A given array represents a tree in such a way that the array value gives the parent node of that particular index. The value of the root node index would always be -1. Read More » Minimum no. of iterations to pass information to all nodes in the tree Leave a comment | Filed under Trees September 20, 2014 Given a very large n-ary tree. Where the root node has some information which it wants to pass to all of its children down to the leaves with the constraint that it can only pass the information to one of its children at a time (take it as one iteration). Read More » Clone a Binary Tree with Random Pointers Leave a comment | Filed under Trees September 2, 2014 Given a Binary Tree where every node has following structure. struct node { int key; struct node *left,*right,*random; } The random pointer points to any random node of the binary tree and can even point to NULL, clone the given binary tree. Read More » Check if two nodes are cousins in a Binary Tree Leave a comment | Filed under Trees July 28, 2014 Given the binary Tree and the two nodes say ‘a’ and ‘b’, determine whether the two nodes are cousins of each other or not. Read More » Check if a binary tree is subtree of another binary tree | Set 2 Leave a comment | Filed under Trees July 26, 2014 Given two binary trees, check if the first tree is subtree of the second one. A subtree of a tree T is a tree S consisting of a node in T and all of its descendants in T. Read More » Inorder predecessor and successor for a given key in BST Leave a comment | Filed under Trees July 25, 2014 I recently encountered with a question in an interview at e-commerce company. The interviewer asked the following question: Read More » Find the maximum path sum between two leaves of a binary tree Leave a comment | Filed under Trees July 8, 2014 Given a binary tree in which each node element contains a number. Find the maximum possible sum from one leaf node to another. Read More » Page 1 of 1012345...10...»Last » Interview Experiences Advanced Data Structures Dynamic Programming Greedy Algorithms Backtracking Pattern Searching Divide & Conquer Mathematical Algorithms Recursion Geometric Algorithms Popular Posts All permutations of a given string Memory Layout of C Programs Understanding “extern” keyword in C Median of two sorted arrays Tree traversal without recursion and without stack! Structure Member Alignment, Padding and Data Packing Intersection point of two Linked Lists Lowest Common Ancestor in a BST. Check if a binary tree is BST or not Sorted Linked List to Balanced BST Follow @GeeksforGeeks Subscribe Recent Comments @geeksforgeeks, Some rights reserved        Contact Us! Powered by WordPress & MooTools, customized by geeksforgeeks team
