Dumb and Dumber To - Trivia on The Times of India Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times| More More Follow ADVERTISEMENT Movie Review The Times of India The Times of India Indiatimes Web (by Google) Video Photos Advanced Search » Home City India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Life & Style Women Spirituality NRI Photos Videos Bengaluru techie jumps to death from fourth floor Waiter shot dead over payment for two chappa... Heritage city status sought for Patna Nigerians take Hyderabad businessman for a B... Man gets 5-year jail term for sexual abuse o... If staff can’t keep city clean, fire them: D... Man held at Ahmedabad airport with gold wort... Woman techie assaulted, robbed in moving aut... Thane man gets death for rape of 6-year-old FOLLOW TOI English Entertainment Hindi English Tamil Telugu Malayalam Kannada Bengali Punjabi Marathi Bhojpuri Gujarati Hollywood Top Stories News Previews Specials Movie Review TV Music Top Stories News Music Videos Specials Top 10 Events Mumbai Delhi Bangalore Hyderabad Chennai Kolkata Pune Nagpur Lucknow Bhopal Goa Indore Ahmedabad Jaipur Kochi Kanpur Raipur Patna Others Beauty Pageants Photos Videos You are here: Home » Entertainment » English » Movie Review » Dumb and Dumber To Movie Review Breaking News: Movie Reviews Find Movies By: Latest | Alphabets | Release Date FromJanFebMarAprMayJunJulAugSepOctNovDec201420132012201120102009200820072006ToJanFebMarAprMayJunJulAugSepOctNovDec201420132012201120102009200820072006 All|#|A|B|C|D|E|F|G|H|I|J|K|L|M|N|O|P|Q|R|S|T|U|V|W|X|Y|Z Dumb and Dumber To The Critic has posted comments on this MovieReagan Gavin Rasquinha, TNN, Nov 20, 2014, 11.28AM IST comments Email this review Save this review Print this review AReduce font size AIncrease font size My Saved reviews Critic's ReviewPlot SpoilerTrivia / GoofsTwitter Reactions Google Bookmarks Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Tags:movie review|Dumb and Dumber To movie review Critic's Rating:  Revised from to 3, based on popular feedback Cast: Jim Carrey, Jeff Daniels, Laurie, Kathleen Turner, Rachel Melvin, Rob Riggle, Bill Murray, Steve Tom Direction: Bobby Farrelly, Peter Farrelly Genre: Comedy Duration: 1 hour 50 minutes Avg Readers Rating: Rate this movie: Your rating1 (Poor)1.5 (Below average)2 (Average)2.5 (Above average)3 (Watchable)3.5 (Good)4 (Very good)4.5 (Very good +)5 (Outstanding) Check out Dumb and Dumber ToDumb and Dumber To show timings in Check out show timings in Find Scroll for more Times Of India More from Dumb and Dumber To Dumb and Dumber To: Trailer premiere Dumb and Dumber To: Jim Carrey and Jeff Daniels discuss the movie Dumb and Dumber To: B-Roll Dumb and Dumber To: Interview with the cast Dumb and Dumber To: Trailer premiere Dumb and Dumber To: Jim Carrey and Jeff Daniels discuss the movie Dumb and Dumber To: B-Roll Dumb and Dumber To: Interview with the cast Story: Twenty years after their first set of adventures, Harry (Daniels) now discovers he has a grown-up daughter, Penny (Melvin). After meeting her mother Fraida (Turner) to find out more, Lloyd (Carrey) and he set out on a road trip in search of Penny. Review: Jim Carrey fans may well rejoice, for the rubber-faced comedian is back, and channelling his entire range of comedic tricks. Less funny but somewhat goofier, Harry meets a heavily bearded and wheelchair-bound Lloyd in a lunatic asylum during one of his regular visits spread over 20 years, with a bag of sweets as a gift. Lloyd suddenly becomes animated and tells a very startled Harry that he had faked his catatonic state all along just to pull a fast one. The joke now played out (Harry loves the joke), Lloyd decides he's done with the loony bin and off they go back to Harry's pad, where he once lived. movie Harry's got some new tenants - a cat named Butthole and Ice Pick (Bill Murray in a cameo that's simply sublime) who cooks crystal meth in a home lab and Harry thinks it's candy. Harry then tells Lloyd that he has a kidney problem and urgently needs a donor. When Harry later finds out about his long-lost daughter courtesy a very old letter that then-lover Fraida had written to him 20 years ago telling him she's pregnant and the baby is his, Harry realizes that his daughter can be a medically-matching organ donor. A glorious family reunion awaits Harry at the end of his journey. Incidentally, their road trip ride is a hearse. Plot spoiler: Click here only if you have seen the movie! Read and submit interesting trivia and goof-ups on this film For social media reactions to this movie - click here! Save some potty jokes, the plot is essentially a vehicle for a bunch of sight gags and situational comedy all strung together. Carrey is a natural - he often sounds like he's ad-libbing and Turner's dour one-liners delivered in her nicotine-roasted voice is genuinely funny. The jokes are definitely 'dumb' (and therefore, it works in this film's context), but with a movie title that literally proclaims the same out loud, what can you expect? PAGE 1PAGE 2PAGE 3PAGE 4 TRIVIA 1) Brady Bluhm was untraceable and the Farrelly brothers wanted him to reprise the role of Billy in the sequel to Dumb and Dumber. They eventually found him through Facebook. 2) Despite the fact that Brady was the obvious choice to play Billy in the film's second installment, he still had to audition for the role, even if it was only a formality. 3) The sequel comes 20 years after the original's release. 4) In one of the scenes in the film, Rob Riggle camouflages himself to blend in with the hotel hallway. But instead of choosing the easier way out and opting to digitally manipulate the footage, the makers decided to use bodypaint. The entire process took about six hours. 5) Jim Carrey has reprised the same role in a film's sequel only twice. One is for Dumb and Dumber To and the other one was Ace Ventura: When Nature Calls. 6) Jim Carrey was paid a whopping 7 million dollars as a fee for the film's sequel. This is the highest salary any actor has been paid for a comedy film. 7) However, his partner Jeff Daniels charged only 60,000 dollars. Apparently Jeff was just happy to be a part of the film without any consideration for the salary. 8) Jeff Daniels won his first Emmy Award the night before the production of Dumb and Dumber To began. 9) A scene that involves a character from the original Dumb and Dumber can be seen after the credits roll. 10) This is Jim Carrey's third film with the Farrelly brothers. The original Dumb and Dumber and Me, Myself & Irene being the other two. GOOFS 1) Lloyd's tongue is blue even before he consumes the blue-coloured embalming liquid. TRIVIA 1) Brady Bluhm was untraceable and the Farrelly brothers wanted him to reprise the role of Billy in the sequel to Dumb and Dumber. They eventually found him through Facebook. 2) Despite the fact that Brady was the obvious choice to play Billy in the film's second installment, he still had to audition for the role, even if it was only a formality. 3) The sequel comes 20 years after the original's release. 4) In one of the scenes in the film, Rob Riggle camouflages himself to blend in with the hotel hallway. But instead of choosing the easier way out and opting to digitally manipulate the footage, the makers decided to use bodypaint. The entire process took about six hours. 5) Jim Carrey has reprised the same role in a film's sequel only twice. One is for Dumb and Dumber To and the other one was Ace Ventura: When Nature Calls. 6) Jim Carrey was paid a whopping 7 million dollars as a fee for the film's sequel. This is the highest salary any actor has been paid for a comedy film. 7) However, his partner Jeff Daniels charged only 60,000 dollars. Apparently Jeff was just happy to be a part of the film without any consideration for the salary. 8) Jeff Daniels won his first Emmy Award the night before the production of Dumb and Dumber To began. 9) A scene that involves a character from the original Dumb and Dumber can be seen after the credits roll. 10) This is Jim Carrey's third film with the Farrelly brothers. The original Dumb and Dumber and Me, Myself & Irene being the other two. GOOFS 1) Lloyd's tongue is blue even before he consumes the blue-coloured embalming liquid. Have some interesting trivia on the film? Noticed some goof up? Click here to submit. Critic's Review - Dumb and Dumber ToPlot spoiler: Click here only if you have seen the movie!For social media reactions to this movie - click here! Spoiler alert! Read further only if you have seen the film, since the information below reveals the entire plot of the movie. PLOT SUMMARY Harry Dunne (Daniels) has been dutifully visiting his old friend Lloyd Christmas (Carrey) at a lunatic asylum for the last twenty years. Lloyd pulls a fast one on Harry, and the latter realizes that Lloyd has spent the last two decades in the loony bin in a catatonic state as a joke. When the gag is revealed, Lloyd and Harry leave the institution. Harry and Lloyd go back to their old apartment where Harry introduces Lloyd to some additional tenants - his pet cat Butthole and his room-mate Ice Pick, who has the very illegal occupation of making crystal meth-amphetamine. Harry doesn't know what it is and thinks the stuff Ice Pick makes is basically a kind of confection. We then learn about Harry's medical issue - he needs a kidney transplant and cannot find a suitable donor - not even from his parents as he is adopted and therefore incompatible with his oriental parents, medically speaking. A postcard that Harry's old girlfriend Fraida Felcher (Turner) had had sent him via his parents almost two decades ago telling him at the time, that she is pregnant and he is the father. Harry and Lloyd then try to trace down Fraida and in time, successfully track her down. She runs a funeral service. Fraida tells them she her daughter Fanny is now grown up and doesn't want to be in touch with her as she was given for adoption when she was just a baby. When Fraida shows Lloyd and Harry a picture of Fanny (Penny's other name), Lloyd falls in love with her at first sight and insists that they all must go find her. Using a hearse as their ride, they head out in search of Fraida and Harry's daughter. We are then introduced to Fanny's adoptive father, a science genius named Dr. Bernard Pinchelow and his wife. Fanny, who has since changed her name to Penny, happens to have the same IQ level as Lloyd and Harry. It turns out that the apple doesn't fall too far from the tree. Bernard's wife Adele (Laurie Holden) meanwhile, is trying to poison Bernard and get rid of him. Travis is the housekeeper who Adele is having an affair with. Dr Bernard sends Penny to a science conference and gives her a package that is said to contain something that can be of benefit to all mankind and is worth billions. Penny is tasked with taking the package to a science convention and deliver a speech at the venue. However, Penny leaves for the event but forgets the package and her cellphone. Dr Bernard's wife's ears prick up at the thought of so much money and tells Travis that they must get their hands on that mysterious package for the secret it contains. She suggests that Travis should tag along with Harry and Lloyd for their road trip. She plans to have Travis kill Lloyd and Harry. Travis hits the road with the guys, much to his reluctance. Along the way, there are plenty of situational comedy adventures involving the two nitwits. One involves a fantasy sequence between Lloyd and Penny and another, when Travis then comes out of a convenience store and convinces the guys to play a game called 'Funnel Nuts'. They finally make it to El Paso where the event is being held and Harry and Lloyd later get into an argument after Harry realizes that Lloyd wants to get with Penny. Harry says that, as her dad, he thinks she deserves a better man. This hurts Lloyd's feelings. Later on, Adele's greedy intentions are revealed courtesy a surprise sting operation mounted by none other than Dr Bernard. Harry and Lloyd patch up and realize that their friendship can transcend external interference. Harry also tells Lloyd, who disappeared for a while to remove one of his kidneys to 'gift' to Harry, that he was faking his kidney failure all along. Towards the end of the movie, they feel bad that none of them got with any girl but when they see two beautiful women walk their way, they shove the both of them into some bushes, laugh out loud and give each other high fives. Critic's Review - Dumb and Dumber ToRead and submit interesting trivia and goof-ups on this filmFor social media reactions to this movie - click here! Laugh riot Dumb and Dumber To starring Jim Carrey has been running high on expectations of the fans waiting for another humourous dose by the comedy king. Let's take a look at what the audience has to say on twitter... Positive response Desus Nice: "Dumb and Dumber To" is proof that either God stopped loving the world or Atheists are right Dillon Rupp: After seeing "dumb and dumber to" Jim Carey 100% deserves a star on the walk of fame. Josh M (JoshDJX): Back from watching Dumb and Dumber To. Massive callback to the original. Meant alot to me due to watching the first one with my dad as a kid Funny take Dillon Ciprietti ‏@sniprietti25: Going to sleep in the lake with a cement block tied to my ankle because dumb and dumber could not have let me more down Negative response Babala: They really waited way too long to make a second dumb and dumber movie because they both look methed out now :( Satyam Jha Suman: Agree.. Dumb and Dumber team seems to be too dumb this time around. Abby cooper ‏@ughabbyy: dumb and dumber to might have been the most retarded thing I've watched in my 18 years of existence. Critic's Review - Dumb and Dumber ToPlot spoiler: Click here only if you have seen the movie!Read and submit interesting trivia and goof-ups on this film PAGE 1PAGE 2PAGE 3PAGE 4 Penguins of Madagascar The Equalizer You can now SMS your reviews to Type rev<space>dum<space>your name<space>your rating(choose 1,1.5,2,2.5,3,3.5,4,4.5 or 5)<space>Add your comments if any, and send to 58888 Eg : rev dum anuj 3 cool movie Post another review What do you think? Post Your Review. We encourage you to log in and review. Non-logged-in reviews will go through a verification process for security reasons. Log in to post this review Please Rate this movie before posting your Review Rate this movie1    (Poor)1.5 (Below average)2    (Average)2.5 (Above average)3    (Watchable)3.5 (Good)4    (Very good)4.5 (Very good +)5    (Outstanding) Write your review Characters Remaining: 3000 Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. pOST rEVIEW Connect using any of the following Please Login to Rate/Review this movie Share their opinion with friends Post comments without moderation Save articles to read at leisure Post your review We encourage you to register/login and proceed. However, if you choose to remain non-loggedin, you are required to fill up the form below and verify your email address before we can publish your review. That way, we can verify that the email address doesn't belong to someone else. Register/Login Proceed Without Registration Full Name Location Email Solve 6 + 0 =2 Proceed Connect using any of the following Please Login to Rate/Review this movie Share their opinion with friends Post comments without moderation Save articles to read at leisure Post your review We encourage you to register/login and proceed. However, if you choose to remain non-loggedin, you are required to fill up the form below and verify your email address before we can publish your review. That way, we can verify that the email address doesn't belong to someone else. Register/Login Proceed Without Registration Full Name Location Email Solve 6 + 0 =2 Proceed Thanks! We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Email sent Subscribe to Movie Review NewsletterGet reviews of the latest theatrical releases every week Readers' reviews ALL REVIEWS FROM 58888 Subscribe to our Newsletters Top News (Daily) Tech News (Daily) Entertainment (Daily) Life & Style (Daily) Movie Review (Weekly)    Login It seems you are already registered with us. Please enter your account details below: User Name: Password: Forgot Password? FEATURED TODAY IN Movie Reviews Ungli The Hunger Games: Mockingjay - Part 1 Penguins of Madagascar Horrible Bosses 2 Zed Plus » More FEATURED TODAY IN ENTERTAINMENT Movie Review: 'Ungli' Review: The Hunger Games: Mockingjay Diandra and Gautam lock themselves in the bathroom Spoiler: Ungli Films releasing this weekend: November 28, 2014 » More FEATURED TODAY IN NEWS ‘No-Ebola certificate’ must to enter India from affected countries GDP growth slows to 5.3% in September quarter ‘100 deaths daily’: Bihar's killer pneumonia Thousands of animals sacrificed in Nepal ritual Indian gets 3 strokes of cane for Singapore riot » More What do you think? Post Your Review.We encourage you to login and review Non logged-in reviews will go through a verification process for security reasons. Log in to post this review Please Rate this movie before posting your Review Rate this movie1  (Poor)1.5 (Below average)2  (Average)2.5 (Above average)3  (Watchable)3.5 (Good)4  (Very good)4.5 (Very good +)5  (Outstanding) Your reply Characters Remaining: 3000 You are requested to refrain from posting obscene, defamatory or inflammatory comments or indulging in personal attacks or name calling. You take responsibility for the comments you post and you shall not post comments that incite hatred against any community. We reserve the right to share your details, including the ip address used to post the comment, if asked by the authorities. pOST rEPLY Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Please answer this simple math question. 5 + 3 =4 . LATEST NEWS IN THIS SECTION ENTIRE WEBSITE Horrible Bosses 2 Penguins of Madagascar The Hunger Games: Mockingjay - Part 1 The Equalizer » More MOST POPULAR READ COMMENTED SHARED VIDEOS QUICKSTIR 7 Kheer Recipes To Cure 'Rampal Kheer Phobia' 9 Great Philosophers And Their Inspiring Quotes! Powerful Poem On Our Obsession With Validation! Let's Honour These 7 Real Men On Int'l Men's Day more from QuickStir» THE TIMES OF INDIA Get a replica of your favourite edition of TOI and feel at home. SELECT EDITION AHMEDABAD BANGALORE CHENNAI DELHI HYDERABAD JAIPUR KOLKATA LUCKNOW MUMBAI PUNE CREST EDITION Shop Mobile 58888 NRI SOLUTIONS Amazing Deals @ 1- Wide Range of Products @ Re. 1 only* » MORE SHOPPING Live Astrology » MORE MOBILE 58888 All TOI My Profile Sign into earn your Badges Moderator Find and flag inappropriate comments on Timesofindia.com by marking them offensive. Earn the Moderator badge after your action is verified by the site editor Moderator Wordsmith Have an opinion? Express it and get the Wordsmith badge for posting relevant comments on articles and photos. Wordsmith Frequent Flyer Make Timesofindia.com your news hotspot. Visit the site regularly earn this badge. Frequent Flyer Influencer Your opinion matters! Get the influencer badge when other people Recommend or Agree with your comments on Timesofindia.com. Influencer News King Read articles, watch exclusive videos or browse through our photo gallery to become a News King on Timesofindia.com News King Inboxer Top Headlines in your inbox! Subscribe to the TimesofIndia.com. newsletters and become an Inboxer. Inboxer Member Members are registered users on Timesofindia.com. Only they are qualified to earn badges and points for their activities. So register and get a badge right away! Member Networker Grow your network; get people to follow you to earn the Networker badge on Timesofindia.com. Networker Sharekhaan Share and recommend the articles, photos and videos you like on Timesofindia.com; earn the Sharekhaan badge! Sharekhaan Well Connected You can earn the Well Connected badge by linking your Facebook and Twitter accounts to your Times profile. Remember to add both your ids to get the badge! Well Connected Movie Buff Watch a movie and become a critic! Review and rate a movie on TimesofIndia.com to earn a Movie Buff Badge! Movie Buff Know more about Times Points THE TIMES OF INDIA Powered by INDIATIMES About us Advertise with us Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Privacy policy Feedback RSS Newsletter TOI Mobile ePaper Sitemap Archives Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times इकनॉमिक टाइम्स | ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ Pune Mirror | Bangalore Mirror Ahmedabad Mirror | ItsMyAscent Education Times | Brand Capital Mumbai Mirror | Times Now Indiatimes | नवभारत टाइम्स महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स | ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ Go Green | Lifehacker India Gizmodo India | Eisamay | IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainment Timescity | iDiva | Entertainment | Zoom Healthmeup | Luxpresso | Gadget Reviews Guylife | Online Songs | MensXp.com Hotels | Travel Destinations | Go Cricket Networkitimes | Dating & Chat | Email Hot on the Web World | Politics Business | Sports Entertainment Science & Tech New Cars Services Book print ads | Online shopping | Free SMS | Website design | CRM | Tenders Matrimonial | Ringtones | Astrology | Jobs | Tech Community | Property | Buy car Bikes in India | Deals | Free Classifieds | Send money to India | Used Cars Restaurants in Delhi | Movie Show Timings in Mumbai | Remit to India | Buy Mobiles Listen Songs | News | Real Estate Developers Trending TopicsWatch TV Shows | Photogallery | You Tube | Delhi Travel Guide | Katrina Kaif Photos | Best Android Phones | Hindi Songs | Credit Card | iPhone 6 Price | Facebook | Sunny Leone Photos Copyright © 2014 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Submit button. This will alert our moderators to take action Name Reason for reporting: Foul language Defamatory Inciting hatred against a certain community Out of context/Spam Others Your Reason has been Submitted to the admin. Twenty years after their first set of adventures, Harry (Daniels) now discovers he has a grown-up daughter, Penny (Melvin). After meeting her mother Fraida (Turner) to find out more, Lloyd (Carrey) and he set out on a road trip in search of Penny. Moderator Find and flag inappropriate comments on Timesofindia.com by marking them offensive. Earn the Moderator badge after your action is verified by the site editor Moderator Wordsmith Have an opinion? Express it and get the Wordsmith badge for posting relevant comments on articles and photos. Wordsmith Frequent Flyer Make Timesofindia.com your news hotspot. Visit the site regularly earn this badge. Frequent Flyer Influencer Your opinion matters! Get the influencer badge when other people Recommend or Agree with your comments on Timesofindia.com. Influencer News King Read articles, watch exclusive videos or browse through our photo gallery to become a News King on Timesofindia.com News King Inboxer Top Headlines in your inbox! Subscribe to the TimesofIndia.com. newsletters and become an Inboxer. Inboxer Member Members are registered users on Timesofindia.com. Only they are qualified to earn badges and points for their activities. So register and get a badge right away! Member Networker Grow your network; get people to follow you to earn the Networker badge on Timesofindia.com. Networker Sharekhaan Share and recommend the articles, photos and videos you like on Timesofindia.com; earn the Sharekhaan badge! Sharekhaan Well Connected You can earn the Well Connected badge by linking your Facebook and Twitter accounts to your Times profile. Remember to add both your ids to get the badge! Well Connected Submit your Trivia/Goofups Type here... 2000Characters Thank You Your contribution has been submitted.
