Graph Archives - GeeksforGeeks GeeksforGeeks A computer science portal for geeks GeeksQuiz Login Home Algorithms DS GATE Interview Corner Q&A C C++ Java Books Contribute Ask a Q About Array Bit Magic C/C++ Articles GFacts Linked List MCQ Misc Output String Tree Graph Vertex Cover Problem | Set 1 (Introduction and Approximate Algorithm) Leave a comment | Filed under Graph November 17, 2014 A vertex cover of an undirected graph is a subset of its vertices such that for every edge (u, v) of the graph, either ‘u’ or ‘v’ is in vertex cover. Read More » Snake and Ladder Problem Leave a comment | Filed under Graph October 10, 2014 Given a snake and ladder board, find the minimum number of dice throws required to reach the destination or last cell from source or 1st cell. Read More » Tarjan’s Algorithm to find Strongly Connected Components Leave a comment | Filed under Graph August 20, 2014 A directed graph is strongly connected if there is a path between all pairs of vertices. Read More » Shortest path with exactly k edges in a directed and weighted graph Leave a comment | Filed under Graph August 19, 2014 Given a directed and two vertices ‘u’ and ‘v’ in it, find shortest path from ‘u’ to ‘v’ with exactly k edges on the path. Read More » Count all possible walks from a source to a destination with exactly k edges Leave a comment | Filed under Graph July 31, 2014 Given a directed graph and two vertices ‘u’ and ‘v’ in it, count all possible walks from ‘u’ to ‘v’ with exactly k edges on the walk. Read More » Euler Circuit in a Directed Graph Leave a comment | Filed under Graph July 27, 2014 Eulerian Path is a path in graph that visits every edge exactly once. Eulerian Circuit is an Eulerian Path which starts and ends on the same vertex. Read More » Given an array of strings, find if the strings can be chained to form a circle Leave a comment | Filed under Graph Strings July 23, 2014 Given an array of strings, find if the given strings can be chained to form a circle. Read More » Given a sorted dictionary of an alien language, find order of characters Leave a comment | Filed under Graph Strings July 22, 2014 Given a sorted dictionary (array of words) of an alien language, find order of characters in the language. Read More » Channel Assignment Problem Leave a comment | Filed under Graph June 23, 2014 There are M transmitter and N receiver stations. Given a matrix that keeps track of the number of packets to be transmitted from a given transmitter to a receiver. Read More » Some interesting shortest path questions | Set 1 8 Comments | Filed under Graph December 16, 2013 Question 1: Given a directed weighted graph. You are also given the shortest path from a source vertex ‘s’ to a destination vertex ‘t’.  If weight of every edge is increased by 10 units, does the shortest path remain same in the modified graph? Read More » Graph Coloring | Set 2 (Greedy Algorithm) 14 Comments | Filed under Graph November 14, 2013 We introduced graph coloring and applications in previous post. As discussed in the previous post, graph coloring is widely used. Read More » Graph Coloring | Set 1 (Introduction and Applications) 2 Comments | Filed under Graph November 12, 2013 Graph coloring problem is to assign colors to certain elements of a graph subject to certain constraints. Read More » Johnson’s algorithm for All-pairs shortest paths 3 Comments | Filed under Graph November 7, 2013 The problem is to find shortest paths between every pair of vertices in a given weighted directed Graph and weights may be negative. We have discussed Floyd Warshall Algorithm for this problem. Read More » Travelling Salesman Problem | Set 2 (Approximate using MST) 4 Comments | Filed under Graph November 4, 2013 We introduced Travelling Salesman Problem and discussed Naive and Dynamic Programming Solutions for the problem in the previous post,. Both of the solutions are infeasible. Read More » Page 1 of 41234» Interview Experiences Advanced Data Structures Dynamic Programming Greedy Algorithms Backtracking Pattern Searching Divide & Conquer Mathematical Algorithms Recursion Geometric Algorithms Popular Posts All permutations of a given string Memory Layout of C Programs Understanding “extern” keyword in C Median of two sorted arrays Tree traversal without recursion and without stack! Structure Member Alignment, Padding and Data Packing Intersection point of two Linked Lists Lowest Common Ancestor in a BST. Check if a binary tree is BST or not Sorted Linked List to Balanced BST Follow @GeeksforGeeks Subscribe Recent Comments @geeksforgeeks, Some rights reserved        Contact Us! Powered by WordPress & MooTools, customized by geeksforgeeks team
