The Equalizer - Trivia on The Times of India Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times| More More Follow ADVERTISEMENT Movie Review The Times of India The Times of India Indiatimes Web (by Google) Video Photos Advanced Search » Home City India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Life & Style Women Spirituality NRI Photos Videos Bengaluru techie jumps to death from fourth floor Waiter shot dead over payment for two chappa... Heritage city status sought for Patna Nigerians take Hyderabad businessman for a B... Man gets 5-year jail term for sexual abuse o... If staff can’t keep city clean, fire them: D... Man held at Ahmedabad airport with gold wort... Woman techie assaulted, robbed in moving aut... Thane man gets death for rape of 6-year-old FOLLOW TOI English Entertainment Hindi English Tamil Telugu Malayalam Kannada Bengali Punjabi Marathi Bhojpuri Gujarati Hollywood Top Stories News Previews Specials Movie Review TV Music Top Stories News Music Videos Specials Top 10 Events Mumbai Delhi Bangalore Hyderabad Chennai Kolkata Pune Nagpur Lucknow Bhopal Goa Indore Ahmedabad Jaipur Kochi Kanpur Raipur Patna Others Beauty Pageants Photos Videos You are here: Home » Entertainment » English » Movie Review » The Equalizer Movie Review Breaking News: Movie Reviews Find Movies By: Latest | Alphabets | Release Date FromJanFebMarAprMayJunJulAugSepOctNovDec201420132012201120102009200820072006ToJanFebMarAprMayJunJulAugSepOctNovDec201420132012201120102009200820072006 All|#|A|B|C|D|E|F|G|H|I|J|K|L|M|N|O|P|Q|R|S|T|U|V|W|X|Y|Z The Equalizer The Critic has posted comments on this MovieReagan Gavin Rasquinha, TNN, Nov 19, 2014, 03.09PM IST comments Email this review Save this review Print this review AReduce font size AIncrease font size My Saved reviews Critic's ReviewPlot SpoilerTrivia / GoofsTwitter Reactions Google Bookmarks Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Tags:The Equalizer movie review|movie review Critic's Rating:  Revised from to 3.5, based on popular feedback Cast: Denzel Washington, Marton Csokas, Chloë Grace Moretz, Vladimir Kulich, David Harbour Direction: Antoine Fuqua Genre: Thriller Duration: 2 hours 12 minutes Avg Readers Rating: Rate this movie: Your rating1 (Poor)1.5 (Below average)2 (Average)2.5 (Above average)3 (Watchable)3.5 (Good)4 (Very good)4.5 (Very good +)5 (Outstanding) Check out The EqualizerThe Equalizer show timings in Check out show timings in Find Scroll for more Times Of India More from The Equalizer The Equalizer: Official trailer The Equalizer: Extended international clip The Equalizer: Trailer Review The Equalizer: Denzel Washington's interview The Equalizer: Official trailer The Equalizer: Extended international clip The Equalizer: Trailer Review The Equalizer: Denzel Washington's interview Story: Robert McCall (Washington) is a deceptively soft-spoken former Black Ops operative who now works in a Home Mart store in Boston. He recently lost his wife and now leads a quiet life. His sense of righteousness is very much in place though and when he finds out that his gentle, young friend Teri (Moretz) has been bashed up by her pimp who is in the Russian Mafia, he methodically goes after the entire mob to exact bloody revenge. Review: McCall's pursuit of the Mafia doesn't, ironically, begin with violence. Soon after visiting Teri in hospital, he calmly and boldly walks into the office of her pimp Slavi (Meunier) with an envelope containing $9,800 in exchange for her freedom. Slavi and his men listen to McCall's offer as they slug down tumblers of expensive vodka and sharpen their carved knives. They sneer at him and laugh at the paltry amount. movie McCall then almost leaves quietly but then he stops at the door, assesses the tense situation and the slick, sick violence that follows would make even a Tarantino proud - especially with the way McCall uses a champagne corkscrew as a weapon. A switch has flipped in McCall's mind and the beast has woken up. Before Slavi bleeds out, he manages a rasp: "Who are you?" In Moscow, uber-boss Puskhin (Kulich) is infuriated with these developments. He sends his ruthless henchman Teddy (Csokas) to finish McCall but it is actually the Russians who will now have to keep looking over their tattooed shoulders for this deadly Good Samaritan-cum-vigilante. Teddy and McCall finally meet in a restaurant and Teddy realizes, struggling to keep the badass Mafia sneer in place, that McCall will show them no mercy. Plot spoiler: Click here only if you have seen the movie! Read and submit interesting trivia and goof-ups on this film For social media reactions to this movie - click here! Fuqua cuts to the chase with no frivolity. McCall's motive (loner trying to save young prostitute, seeing goodness in her) is reminiscent of DeNiro's Travis in Taxi Driver. The movie's climax in is a bit drawn out but all said and done, Washington and Csokas are thoroughly convincing and if you're an action junkie, you'll surely get your money's worth. PAGE 1PAGE 2PAGE 3PAGE 4 TRIVIA 1) Apparently Russell Crowe was going to play the role of Robert McCall that was then played by Denzel Washington. 2) Chloe Grace Moretz plays Teri in the movie. The role was originally written for an older actress but changed when Moretz was cast. 3) The movie is based on a TV series of the same name. 4) The film was in development for a long time before it went into production. 5) Teddy's real name which is not revealed is Nikolai Itchenko. 6) Denzel Washington who plays Robert contributed to the character's background including the obsessive compulsive disorder that the character has. 7) To research for the character, Denzel actually spoke to many people suffering from OCD. 8) McCall never shoots from a firearm in the film. 9) He uses other creative ways to neutralise the opponents. 10) The last shot of the film is a homage to the scene by artist Edward Hopper's painting, Nighthawks. GOOFS 1) The movie begins with a quote, "The two most important days of your life are the day you are born and the day you find out why." The quote is attributed to Mark Twain but isn't his. The source of the quote is not known. 2) While Bob is seen wearing slacks and a button-up shirt in the entire sequence from where he dresses up and then arrives at his apartment again, in one of the scenes, when he gets off the bus, he is seen wearing blue jeans. 3) While in the rest of the film Bob's wedding ring is on his left hand's finger, in the flashback scenes, it is on the right. 4) The interiors and exterior of the train that Robert is riding in, don't match. Usually the Red Line trains have wider cars as opposed to the narrow one that is more like that of an Orange Line train. 5) After killing the Russians, Bob is seen washing the blood off his hands in his apartment. The blood is still liquid which implies it was dripping along the way when Bob returned home. This however would have drawn a lot of attention towards him as he uses public transport to commute in the film. 6) In one of the scenes, McCall forces a restrained Frank in his car by gassing him. However, he is seen lowering the windows using the remote but usually cars with this feature have the option of lowering all the windows. TRIVIA 1) Apparently Russell Crowe was going to play the role of Robert McCall that was then played by Denzel Washington. 2) Chloe Grace Moretz plays Teri in the movie. The role was originally written for an older actress but changed when Moretz was cast. 3) The movie is based on a TV series of the same name. 4) The film was in development for a long time before it went into production. 5) Teddy's real name which is not revealed is Nikolai Itchenko. 6) Denzel Washington who plays Robert contributed to the character's background including the obsessive compulsive disorder that the character has. 7) To research for the character, Denzel actually spoke to many people suffering from OCD. 8) McCall never shoots from a firearm in the film. 9) He uses other creative ways to neutralise the opponents. 10) The last shot of the film is a homage to the scene by artist Edward Hopper's painting, Nighthawks. GOOFS 1) The movie begins with a quote, "The two most important days of your life are the day you are born and the day you find out why." The quote is attributed to Mark Twain but isn't his. The source of the quote is not known. 2) While Bob is seen wearing slacks and a button-up shirt in the entire sequence from where he dresses up and then arrives at his apartment again, in one of the scenes, when he gets off the bus, he is seen wearing blue jeans. 3) While in the rest of the film Bob's wedding ring is on his left hand's finger, in the flashback scenes, it is on the right. 4) The interiors and exterior of the train that Robert is riding in, don't match. Usually the Red Line trains have wider cars as opposed to the narrow one that is more like that of an Orange Line train. 5) After killing the Russians, Bob is seen washing the blood off his hands in his apartment. The blood is still liquid which implies it was dripping along the way when Bob returned home. This however would have drawn a lot of attention towards him as he uses public transport to commute in the film. 6) In one of the scenes, McCall forces a restrained Frank in his car by gassing him. However, he is seen lowering the windows using the remote but usually cars with this feature have the option of lowering all the windows. Have some interesting trivia on the film? Noticed some goof up? Click here to submit. Critic's Review - The EqualizerPlot spoiler: Click here only if you have seen the movie!For social media reactions to this movie - click here! Spoiler alert! Read further only if you have seen the film, since the information below reveals the entire plot of the movie. PLOT SUMMARY Denzel Washington plays a black ops government operative who has now retired and lives a life in Massachusetts (Boston) far removed from his old job role that required violence and bloodshed. He now works in a hardware store. Over there, he enjoys living a 'normal' life, ie, chatting amiably with customers and being friendly to one and all. He is also fond of and protective about his teenage friend, played by Chloe Grace Moretz who he sees being mistreated by her pimp. Her real name is Teri and she has a bit of a sad back story. She was a victim of sex trafficking by the Russian Mafia at a tender age and was forced into a life of prostitution. To get back to the present, Robert McCall (Washington) becomes determined to help her out after the incident with her tattooed pimp Slavi (David Meunier) that leaves her badly battered, bruised and beaten. First, he tries the peaceful way. He visits Slavi's office about their restaurant which is a front for the Russian mob and tries to reason with Slavi to release Teri from her profession. He offers him $9,800 for Alina's freedom but predictably, Slavi declines the offer. As McCall walks away, he suddenly turns around an initiates a fight with Slav and the other goons present using their own weapons as well as improvised weapons, taking them all out in the process. The security footage records the incident, which will be of use later on. Retaliation from the Mafia is swift. Bossman Vladimir Pushkin sends his main man Teddy to track down McCall and take him out. Meanwhile, McCall himself thinks that the chapter is closed and resigns from his job as guard at his old job and plans to help out his friend Ralphie's (Skourtis) mother at her restaurant, which was partially gutted after a fire that was actually started by corrupt cops who wanted a bribe. McCall soon confronts the two cops who wanted the extortion money, beats them up, forces them to return it and sets things right. Meanwhile, Teddy is taken aback rather than angered by McCall's refusal to go quietly, and tries to understand the backstory of this intelligent foe. But McCall is too slippery a fish to apprehend. He outsmarts Teddy at every turn. Later, he meets two fellow retired operatives in order to acquire intelligence on Pushkin's whereabouts. He finds out that Teddy is actually a former Spetsnaz agent who is currently using an alias. McCall then gets a corrupt Boston cop on his side. He traps the cop, Frank Masters (David Harbour), in his car and threatens to kill him if he doesn't help track down Teddy and Pushkin. Masters is reluctant at first and then gives in; he helps McCall with information to destroy one of Pushkin's money laundering operations in Boston. McCall next goes to meet Teddy when the latter is at a restaurant and claims that he is going to destroy Pushkin's empire. Back in Moscow, an infuriated Pushkin tells Teddy that he either stops McCall or can forget about ever returning home to Russia. Next, Teddy and his men attack Home Mart and take McCall's friends who also worked with him, hostage. Teddy then blackmails McCall, telling him that he will kill the captives if McCall does not surrender. The stage is then set for the showdown in the Home Mart store. He enters, takes out the lighting system and then kills Teddy's henchmen one by one. He finally kills Teddy with a nail gun. McCall then travels to Moscow, first kills Pushkin's guards and then kills Pushkin himself. He then returns to Boston, meets a by now fully-recovered Teri. She thanks him for helping her. McCall is now reconciled with the fact that this kind of work is his life's calling. He then posts an ad on the internet, calling himself 'The Equalizer'. Critic's Review - The EqualizerRead and submit interesting trivia and goof-ups on this filmFor social media reactions to this movie - click here! Danzel Washington is back in his rough and tough avatar in The Equalizer. The action thriller has been appreciated for his performance of playing a one-man army. Let's take a look at what the audience has to say on twitter... Positive tweets: Kia‏@NotTheCar: Be Kind Rewind | The Equalizer proves Denzel has still got it Thaps: Finally saw "The Equalizer" that nigga Denzel is a Don, brilliance put together in one. Orrell Isahella: A good script is what made Denzel Washington want to reunite with Antoine Fuqua for THE EQUALIZER. Ashish naidu ‏@ashishnaidu13: The equalizer, Antoine Fuqua took time to explain the scenes well, I really like it, there was no hurry to go to another scene..at times.. Sailesh Ghelani: The Equalizer - It is a breath of fresh air to watch the solo hero - and the menacing villain - make a comeback Funny take Christopher Byrom ‏@MisterXorn: Cleveland, OH I'm starting to think that Papa Pope taught Denzel Washington that bait-and-switch move from The Equalizer. Negative response Hithesh:‏ The Equalizer would be pretty much not watchable if not for Denzel Washington. Why are we getting so many of these middle aged veteran films Hithesh‏@HitheshDS: Liam Neeson has the Taken franchise. Denzel Washington will get his franchise with The Equalizer. Very depressing this is Critic's Review - The EqualizerPlot spoiler: Click here only if you have seen the movie!Read and submit interesting trivia and goof-ups on this film PAGE 1PAGE 2PAGE 3PAGE 4 Dumb and Dumber To Beauty And The Beast You can now SMS your reviews to Type rev<space>equ<space>your name<space>your rating(choose 1,1.5,2,2.5,3,3.5,4,4.5 or 5)<space>Add your comments if any, and send to 58888 Eg : rev equ anuj 3 cool movie Post another review What do you think? Post Your Review. We encourage you to log in and review. Non-logged-in reviews will go through a verification process for security reasons. Log in to post this review Please Rate this movie before posting your Review Rate this movie1    (Poor)1.5 (Below average)2    (Average)2.5 (Above average)3    (Watchable)3.5 (Good)4    (Very good)4.5 (Very good +)5    (Outstanding) Write your review Characters Remaining: 3000 Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. pOST rEVIEW Connect using any of the following Please Login to Rate/Review this movie Share their opinion with friends Post comments without moderation Save articles to read at leisure Post your review We encourage you to register/login and proceed. However, if you choose to remain non-loggedin, you are required to fill up the form below and verify your email address before we can publish your review. That way, we can verify that the email address doesn't belong to someone else. Register/Login Proceed Without Registration Full Name Location Email Solve 6 + 0 =2 Proceed Connect using any of the following Please Login to Rate/Review this movie Share their opinion with friends Post comments without moderation Save articles to read at leisure Post your review We encourage you to register/login and proceed. However, if you choose to remain non-loggedin, you are required to fill up the form below and verify your email address before we can publish your review. That way, we can verify that the email address doesn't belong to someone else. Register/Login Proceed Without Registration Full Name Location Email Solve 6 + 0 =2 Proceed Thanks! We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Email sent Subscribe to Movie Review NewsletterGet reviews of the latest theatrical releases every week Readers' reviews ALL REVIEWS FROM 58888 Subscribe to our Newsletters Top News (Daily) Tech News (Daily) Entertainment (Daily) Life & Style (Daily) Movie Review (Weekly)    Login It seems you are already registered with us. Please enter your account details below: User Name: Password: Forgot Password? FEATURED TODAY IN Movie Reviews Ungli The Hunger Games: Mockingjay - Part 1 Penguins of Madagascar Horrible Bosses 2 Zed Plus » More FEATURED TODAY IN ENTERTAINMENT Movie Review: 'Ungli' Review: The Hunger Games: Mockingjay Diandra and Gautam lock themselves in the bathroom Spoiler: Ungli Films releasing this weekend: November 28, 2014 » More FEATURED TODAY IN NEWS ‘No-Ebola certificate’ must to enter India from affected countries GDP growth slows to 5.3% in September quarter ‘100 deaths daily’: Bihar's killer pneumonia Thousands of animals sacrificed in Nepal ritual Indian gets 3 strokes of cane for Singapore riot » More What do you think? Post Your Review.We encourage you to login and review Non logged-in reviews will go through a verification process for security reasons. Log in to post this review Please Rate this movie before posting your Review Rate this movie1  (Poor)1.5 (Below average)2  (Average)2.5 (Above average)3  (Watchable)3.5 (Good)4  (Very good)4.5 (Very good +)5  (Outstanding) Your reply Characters Remaining: 3000 You are requested to refrain from posting obscene, defamatory or inflammatory comments or indulging in personal attacks or name calling. You take responsibility for the comments you post and you shall not post comments that incite hatred against any community. We reserve the right to share your details, including the ip address used to post the comment, if asked by the authorities. pOST rEPLY Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Please answer this simple math question. 5 + 3 =4 . LATEST NEWS IN THIS SECTION ENTIRE WEBSITE Horrible Bosses 2 Penguins of Madagascar Dumb and Dumber To The Hunger Games: Mockingjay - Part 1 » More MOST POPULAR READ COMMENTED SHARED VIDEOS QUICKSTIR 7 Kheer Recipes To Cure 'Rampal Kheer Phobia' 9 Great Philosophers And Their Inspiring Quotes! Powerful Poem On Our Obsession With Validation! Let's Honour These 7 Real Men On Int'l Men's Day more from QuickStir» THE TIMES OF INDIA Get a replica of your favourite edition of TOI and feel at home. SELECT EDITION AHMEDABAD BANGALORE CHENNAI DELHI HYDERABAD JAIPUR KOLKATA LUCKNOW MUMBAI PUNE CREST EDITION Shop Mobile 58888 NRI SOLUTIONS Amazing Deals @ 1- Wide Range of Products @ Re. 1 only* » MORE SHOPPING Live Astrology » MORE MOBILE 58888 All TOI My Profile Sign into earn your Badges Moderator Find and flag inappropriate comments on Timesofindia.com by marking them offensive. Earn the Moderator badge after your action is verified by the site editor Moderator Wordsmith Have an opinion? Express it and get the Wordsmith badge for posting relevant comments on articles and photos. Wordsmith Frequent Flyer Make Timesofindia.com your news hotspot. Visit the site regularly earn this badge. Frequent Flyer Influencer Your opinion matters! Get the influencer badge when other people Recommend or Agree with your comments on Timesofindia.com. Influencer News King Read articles, watch exclusive videos or browse through our photo gallery to become a News King on Timesofindia.com News King Inboxer Top Headlines in your inbox! Subscribe to the TimesofIndia.com. newsletters and become an Inboxer. Inboxer Member Members are registered users on Timesofindia.com. Only they are qualified to earn badges and points for their activities. So register and get a badge right away! Member Networker Grow your network; get people to follow you to earn the Networker badge on Timesofindia.com. Networker Sharekhaan Share and recommend the articles, photos and videos you like on Timesofindia.com; earn the Sharekhaan badge! Sharekhaan Well Connected You can earn the Well Connected badge by linking your Facebook and Twitter accounts to your Times profile. Remember to add both your ids to get the badge! Well Connected Movie Buff Watch a movie and become a critic! Review and rate a movie on TimesofIndia.com to earn a Movie Buff Badge! Movie Buff Know more about Times Points THE TIMES OF INDIA Powered by INDIATIMES About us Advertise with us Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Privacy policy Feedback RSS Newsletter TOI Mobile ePaper Sitemap Archives Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times इकनॉमिक टाइम्स | ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ Pune Mirror | Bangalore Mirror Ahmedabad Mirror | ItsMyAscent Education Times | Brand Capital Mumbai Mirror | Times Now Indiatimes | नवभारत टाइम्स महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स | ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ Go Green | Lifehacker India Gizmodo India | Eisamay | IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainment Timescity | iDiva | Entertainment | Zoom Healthmeup | Luxpresso | Gadget Reviews Guylife | Online Songs | MensXp.com Hotels | Travel Destinations | Go Cricket Networkitimes | Dating & Chat | Email Hot on the Web World | Politics Business | Sports Entertainment Science & Tech New Cars Services Book print ads | Online shopping | Free SMS | Website design | CRM | Tenders Matrimonial | Ringtones | Astrology | Jobs | Tech Community | Property | Buy car Bikes in India | Deals | Free Classifieds | Send money to India | Used Cars Restaurants in Delhi | Movie Show Timings in Mumbai | Remit to India | Buy Mobiles Listen Songs | News | Real Estate Developers Trending TopicsWatch TV Shows | Photogallery | You Tube | Delhi Travel Guide | Katrina Kaif Photos | Best Android Phones | Hindi Songs | Credit Card | iPhone 6 Price | Facebook | Sunny Leone Photos Copyright © 2014 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Submit button. This will alert our moderators to take action Name Reason for reporting: Foul language Defamatory Inciting hatred against a certain community Out of context/Spam Others Your Reason has been Submitted to the admin. Robert McCall (Washington) is a deceptively soft-spoken former Black Ops operative who now works in a Home Mart store in Boston. He recently lost his wife and now leads a quiet life. His sense of righteousness is very much in place though and when he finds out that his gentle, young friend Teri (Moretz) has been bashed up by her pimp who is in the Russian Mafia, he methodically goes after the entire mob to exact bloody revenge. Moderator Find and flag inappropriate comments on Timesofindia.com by marking them offensive. Earn the Moderator badge after your action is verified by the site editor Moderator Wordsmith Have an opinion? Express it and get the Wordsmith badge for posting relevant comments on articles and photos. Wordsmith Frequent Flyer Make Timesofindia.com your news hotspot. Visit the site regularly earn this badge. Frequent Flyer Influencer Your opinion matters! Get the influencer badge when other people Recommend or Agree with your comments on Timesofindia.com. Influencer News King Read articles, watch exclusive videos or browse through our photo gallery to become a News King on Timesofindia.com News King Inboxer Top Headlines in your inbox! Subscribe to the TimesofIndia.com. newsletters and become an Inboxer. Inboxer Member Members are registered users on Timesofindia.com. Only they are qualified to earn badges and points for their activities. So register and get a badge right away! Member Networker Grow your network; get people to follow you to earn the Networker badge on Timesofindia.com. Networker Sharekhaan Share and recommend the articles, photos and videos you like on Timesofindia.com; earn the Sharekhaan badge! Sharekhaan Well Connected You can earn the Well Connected badge by linking your Facebook and Twitter accounts to your Times profile. Remember to add both your ids to get the badge! Well Connected Submit your Trivia/Goofups Type here... 2000Characters Thank You Your contribution has been submitted.
