AMU gives girl students access to main library - The Times of India Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times| More More Follow India The Times of India The Times of India Indiatimes Web (by Google) Video Photos Advanced Search » Home City India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Life & Style Women Spirituality NRI Photos Videos Waiter shot dead over payment for two chappatis Bengaluru techie jumps to death from fourth ... Heritage city status sought for Patna Nigerians take Hyderabad businessman for a B... Man gets 5-year jail term for sexual abuse o... If staff can’t keep city clean, fire them: D... Man held at Ahmedabad airport with gold wort... Woman techie assaulted, robbed in moving aut... Thane man gets death for rape of 6-year-old FOLLOW TOI City METRO CITIES Mumbai Delhi Bangalore Kolkata Chennai OTHER CITIES Agra Ahmedabad Allahabad Aurangabad Bareilly Bengaluru Bhopal Bhubaneswar Chandigarh Coimbatore Dehradun Goa Gurgaon Guwahati Hubballi Hyderabad Indore Jaipur Kanpur Kochi Kolhapur Kozhikode Lucknow Ludhiana Madurai Mangaluru Meerut Mysuru Nagpur Nashik Navi Mumbai Noida Patna Puducherry Pune Raipur Rajkot Ranchi Surat Thane Thiruvananthapuram Trichy Vadodara Varanasi Visakhapatnam India Amit Shah lists NDA feats to silence Congress A day before PM Modi's rally, fidayeen kill ... Owaisi seeks SC status for all minorities, g... 11 CAG reports to be tabled in Parliament to... Denied permission for rally, BJP accuses Mam... TMC questions SBI loan to Adani group BJP’s next target is Bengal, Venkaiah Naidu ... Parliament passes bill amending CBI chief se... 15% budget cut suggested for some ministries World WORLD US Pakistan South Asia UK Europe China Middle East Rest of World Mad, Mad World New to Canada Photos Videos Over 100 dead in clashes in Sudan's Kordofan: Tribes Taliban kill 5 in Kabul in attacks on Britis... Venezuela says 13 dead in prison disturbance Woman’s selfie catches Bill Clinton ogling a... Syrian troops kill 30 rebels near Damascus Israel says it busted Hamas cell planning at... Novelist PD James dies at 94 Nine injured in knife attack in China Two dead, seven missing as storm hits Philip... FOLLOW WORLD Business BUSINESS India Business International Business MF Simplified Photos Videos NSE cuts trading fees for select segments Tax dept goes for friendly image makeover Infosys organizes US hackathon to attract gl... WTO endorses its first trade deal in 20 year... RBI eases norms for niche banks Now, flying robots to serve as waiters in Si... Jaitley to meet Rajan on Monday to urge rate... Rupee wedged in tight band; month-end import... Sensex up 53 points ahead of GDP data, RBI p... FOLLOW BUSINESS Tech TECHNOLOGY Tech News Reviews Jobs Social IT services Slideshows How To PCs Gaming Computing Photos Videos Google rolls out 'smart' spoon Android 5.0 (Lollipop): 16 new features 'India will be a priority market for Apple W... Lava in talks to buy Nokia's Chennai plant: ... Twitter is now tracking the apps you downloa... Netflix accuses Yahoo CIO Michael Kail of fr... Micromax launches Canvas Tab 666 @ Rs 10,999 Indian American plans hunger strike outside ... India to US: Tech companies violating copyri... FOLLOW TECHNOLOGY Sports SPORTS Cricket EPL Football Tennis Golf Hockey Racing NBA Chess Badminton Other Sports Photos Videos ISL: NorthEast United thrash leaders Chennaiyin FC 3-0 Brazil legend Pele says he's 'doing fine' in... Slumping Murray will be back, says IPTL foe ... Sindhu, Prannoy in Macau Grand Prix Gold qua... Indian Super League hits one million in-stad... Wawrinka confirms participation in Chennai O... Fifa bans ex-AIFF secretary for taking elect... Bastia striker Brandao jailed for a month fo... After Walsh, women's team coach Hawgood also... FOLLOW SPORTS Cricket News Results Fixtures Blogs Photos Videos Cricket Live Score FOLLOW GOCRICKET Entertainment Hindi English Tamil Telugu Malayalam Kannada Bengali Punjabi Marathi Bhojpuri Gujarati Movie Reviews TV Music Events Beauty Pageants Photos Videos Did Karan just admit Kamya is his girlfriend? Salman helps Armaan bag two films with Sajid... Riteish Deshmukh is on a paternity leave Exclusive first look: Sonam Kapoor in Dolly ... Know more about Arpita Khan's husband Bigg Boss 8: Sonali Raut slaps Ali ‘The crew thought I was pregnant’ Superstar Ajay Devgn unperturbed by the Khan... Know more about Arpita Khan's husband Alia Bhatt unwell after a taxing schedule Veena Malik claims innocence Movie Review: 'Happy Ending' FOLLOW ENTERTAINMENT Life & Style LIFE & STYLE Relationships Health & Fitness Beauty Photo Stories People Food Books Home & Garden Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum 'Past sex partners may decide looks of your kid' In pics: 5 Things a guy notices about you fi... Makeup tips for the busy professional Lahore author wins pan-Asian book award Recipe: Lauki ki kheer Ways to strike visual harmony in your home Post break-up romantic reads How women can get the first date right Hand and nail care 101 FOLLOW LIFE & STYLE Travel TRAVEL Destinations Hotels Things to do Eating Out Nightlife Guides FOLLOW TRAVEL Women WOMEN Style & Beauty Entertainment Relationships Health Work & Life iParenting iFood How To Photo Features Beauty Pageants Can you be the next Miss India? India strikes Gold at Miss Earth 2014 Koyal Rana official photoshoot for Miss Worl... Candid moments at Miss Earth 2014 Jhataleka tops the pre-arrival Hot Picks at ... Priyanka gave a nod to her sister for posing... Starry Miss Diva Universe 2014 After-Party Priyanka's cousin to star with former Miss I... Jacqueline in Ram Lakhan remake Spirituality SPIRITUALITY Live Darshan Live TV Sacred Space Masters' Blogs Seekers' Blogs Spiritual Forums Online Pooja Sri Sri Ravi Shankar Deepak Chopra Sadhguru Jaggi Vasudev Osho Srila Bhakti Ballabh Blogs It’s never okay to hate 12001 Bhopal-New Delhi via Agra Shatabdi Express - A trip report Assault on women Song of The Self Managing Tie-ups Clarity on monetary machinery the need of the hour Independent audit of BCCI’s alleged wrong-doings a must Tripura’s triumph belongs to everyone India is being swept by an entrepreneurial revolution NRI NRI US & Canada News Middle East News Other News Cinema Community NRI Achievers Art & Culture Contributors Photos Videos Indian diaspora doubts British sincerity on Gandhi statue Cabinet to soon consider bill on merger of P... Four Indian American students picked as Rhod... Two Indian-origin men jailed in Fiji for gra... Very sad that UK govt cannot find money for ... Indian-origin writer finalists for US litera... US Senate committee confirms Indian-American... Indian-origin student died after falling fro... Diaspora must be part of India's development... Real Estate REAL ESTATE Delhi NCR Mumbai Bangalore Hyderabad Chennai Kolkata Ahmedabad Chandigarh Vadodara Nashik Lucknow Other Cities Commercial Hot Investments Industry Buzz Photos PHOTOS Movies Celebs Fashion Beauty Pageants Awards Events TV Sports Gadgets News 100 Hot Victoria's Secret Models Evil serial killers of all time Celeb Kids from Broken Families Celebs who are just friends! Phil Hughes is dead Celebs caught and bowled! Bold acts in B'wood! Divas in sheer ensembles FOLLOW PHOTOS Times Now Videos VIDEOS News Entertainment Celebs Movies Lifestyle Sports Tech Business Auto Funny Bengaluru: Techie jumps off under constr... Modi, Sharif shake hands, meet at Saarc ... J&K: Three militants and one soldier kil... IPL scam: SC observes CSK should be disq... Budgam firing: Army indicts 9 soldiers f... Phillip Hughes dies in hospital after SC... Gionee launches its slimmest ever smartp... Badaun cousins committed suicide, were n... You are here: Home » India RELATED ARTICLES Nitish: I have fulfilled all my promises Former AG Kazmi dies in road accident in Pratapgarh HC stays trial court proceedings against Togadia What steps taken to check deaths in Kathautha lake: HC Stay on Koli’s death order extended FEATURED TODAY IN India 1.PM Modi returns after successful Saarc meet 2.India trail blazes in guidelines for TB outside lungs 3.Congress will come back in 2019: Siddaramaiah 4.Demand to put 12 cancer drugs in ‘essential’ list taken up in RS 5.Only 28% garbage collected is treated, govt tells Lok Sabha 6.No dilution of rural job scheme, rural development minister says 7.TMC questions SBI loan to Adani group 8.Rail minister to delegate powers to fast-track projects 9.Delhi-Agra Gatiman Express soon, to cost 25% more 10.Maharashtra to seek Rs 4,500 cr central aid to tackle drought more RELATED KEYWORDS: Zameeruddin-Shah|AMU-Vice-Chancellor|Allahabad-High-Court|Aligarh-Muslim-University AMU gives girl students access to main libraryThe author has posted comments on this articleRajesh Kumar Pandey, TNN | Nov 26, 2014, 12.52AM IST Share on Linkedin AMU vice chancellor Zameeruddin Shah informed Allahabad high court that all students, including girls, have been allowed access to the library.  Page 1 of 4 ALLAHABAD: Women students of Aligarh Muslim University will no longer be excluded from the central library of the 94-year-old institution. On Tuesday, AMU vice chancellor Lt Gen (retd) Zameeruddin Shah submitted in writing before the Allahabad high court that all students, including girls, have been allowed access to the Maulana Azad Library from the current session itself. He also clarified that undergraduate girl students of the university's Abdullah Women's College can also become members of the library. Recording Shah's assurances placed before the court, a division bench of chief justice Dr Dhananjaya Yeshwant Chandrachud and justice Pradeep Kumar Singh Baghel disposed of a PIL that alleged the VC had adopted a discriminatory attitude by denying girl students access to the Maulana Azad Library. The PIL was filed by Allahabad University law student Deeksha Dwivedi and three other students. "If the male students are not barred in the main library, excluding of women students raises a serious question of propriety because a regulatory measure cannot target students on gender basis on the ground that the facility is overstretched," the court said. "Any attempt to discriminate against women students would raise [the] serious risk of being frowned upon in society." READ ALSO Girls in AMU library will 'attract' boys: VC AMU VC seeks Rs 20 crore to expand library, admit girls AMU shoots messenger, bans TOI over library issue Video nails AMU VC's lie on TOI ban With regard to Shah saying there might be a safety problem for the women since their campus was 3km from the main library, the court directed in case he sought assistance, the DM and the SSP of Aligarh would provide all cooperation to the university administration. According to the PIL, the VC had said that "four times more boys" would start flocking to the library if girls were given access to it. Shah had also said the presence of girl students in the library would breed indiscipline and disturb boys' concentration, the PIL had alleged. On November 14 the high court had issued a notice to the AMU VC and registrar, and said any effort to regulate the problem of overcrowding on the campus must be on a gender-neutral basis since its breach would go against the right to equality as provided in the Constitution. The court had said it expected the VC and registrar would deal with the matter as responsible statutory authorities and resolve the unseemly controversy having due regard to the letter and spirit of constitutional provisions. Article continues Stay updated on the go with The Times of India’s mobile apps. Click here to download it for your device. Reader's opinions Read All Comments THE TIMES OF INDIA Powered by INDIATIMES About usAdvertise with usTerms of Use and Grievance Redressal PolicyPrivacy policyFeedback RSSNewsletterTOI MobileePaperSitemapArchives Other Times Group news sites Times Crest | The Economic Times इकनॉमिक टाइम्स | ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ Mumbai Mirror | Times Now Indiatimes | नवभारत टाइम्स महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स | ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ Go Green Living and entertainment Timescity | iDiva | Bollywood | Zoom Healthmeup | Luxpresso | Technoholik Guylife Interest Networkitimes | Email Hot on the Web Hotklix Services Book print ads | Online shopping | Business solutions | Book domains | Web hosting Business email | Free SMS | Free email | Website design | CRM | Tenders | Remit Cheap air tickets | Matrimonial | Ringtones | Astrology | Jobs | Property | Buy car Bikes in India | Deals | Free Classifieds Copyright © 2014 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service
