Urvashi wasn't the most beautiful Apsara |  Blog on Speakingtree.in SpeakingTree.in more... home articles blogs forums events gallery masters seekers Urvashi wasn't the most beautiful Apsara By Vivek Kumar Posted on Yesterday at 03:27 pm http://m.speakingtree.in/spiritual-blogs/seekers/god-and-i/urvashi-wasnt-the-most-beautiful-apsara/221678 The story of Urvashi ‹ › Well, I was interested in writing this story because I heard it somewhere though the popular story does not give the final verdict that Urvashi was not the most beautiful Apsara. But anyways, we will talk about it. http://m.speakingtree.in/spiritual-blogs/seekers/god-and-i/urvashi-wasnt-the-most-beautiful-apsara/221680 Nara-Narayana ‹ › Nara-Narayana is considered to be a pair of incarnations that happened for the preservation of Dharma (righteousness). In the concept of Nara-Narayana, the human soul Nara is considered to be the eternal companion of the Divine Narayana. http://m.speakingtree.in/spiritual-blogs/seekers/god-and-i/urvashi-wasnt-the-most-beautiful-apsara/221682 Badrinath ‹ › The epic tale of Badrinath is associated with the incarnation of Nara-Narayana. However, in common parlance, Arjuna and Krishna are considered to be Nara and Narayana respectively. http://m.speakingtree.in/spiritual-blogs/seekers/god-and-i/urvashi-wasnt-the-most-beautiful-apsara/221684 The story ‹ › While delivering the sublime message of Gita, Lord Krishna referred to Himself and Arjuna as Nara-Narayana. http://m.speakingtree.in/spiritual-blogs/seekers/god-and-i/urvashi-wasnt-the-most-beautiful-apsara/221686 The previous birth ‹ › In a previous incarnation on earth, the duo were born as the sages Nara and Narayana, who performed great penances at the holy spot of Badrinath. http://m.speakingtree.in/spiritual-blogs/seekers/god-and-i/urvashi-wasnt-the-most-beautiful-apsara/221688 Lord Shiva acknowledges their penance ‹ › There is a story that Lord Shiva wanted to show the worth of Nara and Narayana to the world. He hurled his own potent weapon Paashupathastra at the meditating Rishis, but the astra lost its power in front of them. Thus, Lord Shiva declared to the world that the duo were Jnanis of the first order constantly in the state of Nirvikalpa Samadhi. http://m.speakingtree.in/spiritual-blogs/seekers/god-and-i/urvashi-wasnt-the-most-beautiful-apsara/221690 Sahasrakavacha ‹ › One story says that Nara-Narayana took birth to kill the demon Sahasrakavacha, who was wreaking havoc among the masses. http://m.speakingtree.in/spiritual-blogs/seekers/god-and-i/urvashi-wasnt-the-most-beautiful-apsara/221790 Karna was Sahasrakavacha ‹ › It's also believed that in that birth, Lord Surya saved Sahasrakavacha when the latter sought refuge. But Nara-Narayana told that we will kill him in the next birth. And so, Krishna and Arjuna happened to kill Karna in the battle of Mahabharata. http://m.speakingtree.in/spiritual-blogs/seekers/god-and-i/urvashi-wasnt-the-most-beautiful-apsara/221792 Indra's test ‹ › It's believed that when the penance of Nara-Narayana increased, Indra felt a bit unsafe. He wanted to test the duo. http://m.speakingtree.in/spiritual-blogs/seekers/god-and-i/urvashi-wasnt-the-most-beautiful-apsara/221794 They were unmoved ‹ › The Bhagavata Purana tells the story that the duo of Nara-Narayana was unmoved by the wiles Apsaras that Indra sent. http://m.speakingtree.in/spiritual-blogs/seekers/god-and-i/urvashi-wasnt-the-most-beautiful-apsara/221796 Urvashi ‹ › However, when they were not guiled, Indra appeared before them and sought forgiveness. Lord Narayana pardoned him and gave the least beautiful Apsara from his court to Indra. It's believed that she was the most beautiful Apsara among the damsels of Indra's court. Her name was Urvashi http://m.speakingtree.in/spiritual-blogs/seekers/god-and-i/urvashi-wasnt-the-most-beautiful-apsara/221798 Another version ‹ › There is another version about the birth of Urvashi. It says that Narayana took a flower and placed it on his thigh, and Urvashi was born. She was named Urvashi because she was born from the thigh, which is literally translated to 'Uru' in Sanskrit. http://m.speakingtree.in/spiritual-blogs/seekers/god-and-i/urvashi-wasnt-the-most-beautiful-apsara/221800 Legend may vary ‹ › Legend may vary but basically what I wanted to convey that though for us mortals, Urvashi stands as the pinnacle or epitome of feminine beauty, there seems to be no end to when it comes to upper Lokas. http://m.speakingtree.in/spiritual-blogs/seekers/god-and-i/urvashi-wasnt-the-most-beautiful-apsara/221802 The spiritual message ‹ › From the above story, Narayana wanted to give a message that a person should not be lured by the attractions of this world. There is no end to the beauty or allurement that nature may bring forth. Concentrating on one's objective is most important. http://m.speakingtree.in/spiritual-blogs/seekers/god-and-i/urvashi-wasnt-the-most-beautiful-apsara/221804 What do you feel? ‹ › Let me know what do you feel about the story? Did you know about it? What are you views? Comments (21) Drsacha 21 mins ago read something better Manoj Javali 21 mins ago Urvashi was a woman in a man’s world and in keeping with the tradition of the times expected the man to make the first move. Pururava on the other hand feared rejection because he did not expect the pride of heaven to come and live with a mortal, and hence did not approach Urvashi. So both pined for each other. Urvashi was giving a dance performance in which she was portraying Vishnu’s consort, Laxmi. Her concentration was with Pururava and she called out her lover’s name instead of saying “Vishnu”. Her teacher, the sage Bharat, got offended and cursed Urvashi. “You will get to live with the person you are thinking about,” he said, “And you will also give birth to his son. But you will have to choose between the father and son, because the day they see each other you will have to leave them both and return to heaven.” The curse actually emboldened Urvashi. She wasn’t even thinking about children, she was sure to get her love. She sent a friend to earth to find out about Pururava. The friend located the king in the garden of Gandhmadan (meaning intoxicating fragrance), whining away for his ladylove. The sage was set. Urvashi left heaven and went to the waiting arms of Pururava. Sanjay Teotia 21 mins ago Beauty is not only the beauty of face or body, real beauty is of thinking, behaviour, mind and spirit.Beauty of body or external beauty is temporary and ends with the age and with many other factors. Beauty is of love and affection, most beautiful thing for everyone is our own progeny and our near and dear ones, no matter how he or she looks externally or in other sense because person loves them. Manoj Javali 21 mins ago Urvashi was returning to heaven just before dawn with the other apsaras, when she was abducted by a demon. Pururava saw this and chased the demon on his chariot and freed Urvashi from his clutches. The brief period their bodies touched changed their lives forever. For the first time Urvasi experienced the warm flesh of a mortal, for the first time she heard blood pounding in veins and for the first time she heard the inhalation and exhalation of breath. Pururava had seen Urvashi in Indra’s court before and to actually be close to the most beautiful woman in heaven gave him a high. Pururava left Urvashi with her friends but when they parted each was madly in love with the other but unsure whether the love was being reciprocated. Manoj Javali 21 mins ago Apsaras are the celestial maidens of Indian mythology. They are not to be confused with angels. They are extremely beautiful immortals who live in heaven and entertain the demi-Gods with their dancing and singing. Urvashi is one such apsara. There are many legends about her birth but the following one is most prevalent. Once the revered sage Narnarayan was meditating in the holy shrine of Badrinath situated in the Himalayas. Indra, the king of the demi-Gods, did not want the sage to acquire divine powers through the meditation and sent two apsaras to distract him. The sage struck his thigh and created a woman so beautiful that Indra’s apsaras were left matchless. This was Urvashi, named from ur, the Sanskrit word for thigh. After his meditation was complete the sage gifted Urvashi to Indra, and she occupied the pride of place in Indra’s court. Atri was one of Brahma’s seven sons who married Bhadra. He later went on to conceive a son named Som or the Moon. Som was a very attractive young man and eloped with Sage Brahaspati's wife, Tara. Som and Tara gave birth to Buddh during the absence of Brahaspati. Vaivasvata Manu's daughter Ila fell in love with Buddh. They together conceived a son named Pururuva. Pururuva became a great king and established the Lunar Dynasty named after his grandfather. Ages later, in his incarnation as Krishna, Vishnu took birth in this dynasty. Urvashi found the atmosphere in heaven stifling. Everything was cold and synthetic including the colours and the fragrances of the flowers. Urvashi often stole to the Earth at night with her friends to feel the wet dew under her feet and the soft breeze against her body. On the other hand Pururava envied the Gods. He was a regular invitee to Indra's court and was haunted at night by the grandeur he saw there. He would then take his chariot above the clouds and hurtle through the skies at break-neck speed. It was on such an occasion that the two met. Vidya Babla 28 mins ago What is wrong in being attracted by the beautiful things of this beautiful world. Isn't the whole world, ugly as well as beautiful, manifestation of God ?. B N Rao 34 mins ago Can't you lay your hands on right books ! Dilmani Ram Sharma 50 mins ago ----Nothing is more beautiful the GURU KRIPA.... Avinash Yadav 53 mins ago good article Praful Datkhile 1 hr ago very good + MORE COMMENTS + MORE COMMENTS More Slideshows 20 mind-blowing pictures of Nataraja Nataraja is a visual interpretation of Brahman and a dance posture of Lord Shiva. It is the representation of reality at the time of cosmic destruct... HIDE THE WORD IN YOUR HEART There are several Greek words used for "word." The Greek word used here is RHEMA and it literally means, "a spoken word; an utterance, a saying, but... JESUS’ BLOOD IS ON THE MERCY SEAT Leviticus 16:14 - He shall take some of the blood of the bull and sprinkle it with his finger on the mercy seat on the east side; and before the mer... Solution to social problems -Time to revert to God In todays world, we are observing a tremendous increase in the materialistic support acquired through science and technology. Mankind is fully util How Revati became Krishna's sister-in-law? The story that I am talking about throws some light on the relativity of time. There are various possibilities that can come out when you have that.... Subscribe to SpeakingTree.in on + View full site Facebook Twitter Google Terms of Use | Privacy Policy ©2014 Times Internet Limited. All rights reserved.
