Goldman Sachs Interview Experience | Set 5 - GeeksforGeeks GeeksforGeeks A computer science portal for geeks GeeksQuiz Login Home Algorithms DS GATE Interview Corner Q&A C C++ Java Books Contribute Ask a Q About Array Bit Magic C/C++ Articles GFacts Linked List MCQ Misc Output String Tree Graph Goldman Sachs Interview Experience | Set 5 Goldman Sachs Interview Experience Round1: 1. Introduce yourself and what are the projects you have worked on and detail discussion about the most recent project. 2. Implement queue without using any data structure 3. Producer consumer problem 4. In one of the process you are making calls to three APIs. You don’t know how much time it will take to return the results from those APIs. Design the system efficiently. 5. Design a parking lot system 6. What is lazy loading? Advantages and disadvantages of the same Round2: 1. Detail discussion about the most recent project 2. Asked me about the favourite topic in C++. I told polymorphism and memory management. He asked me about when a process start execution what are the different memory segments allocated to it and how they are managed. 3. Implement smart pointer of your own. 4. Questions regarding virtual functions and its implementation and how its solves different design problems. Round3: 1. Introduce yourself and detail discussion about the current project 2. How will you implement your own garbage collector in C++?. Detail discussion regarding approaches and their trade offs. 3. Puzzle: there are two candles and each candle take 30 minutes to burn. How will you measure 45 minutes? You dont have any instruments with you. 4. Design an olympic game Round4: 1. Design a traffic light system 2. Discussion about the projects done Round5: 1. What are the different libraries you have used in c++ 2. Longest increasing subsequence and its implementation with dynamic programming 3. Quicksort and heapsort and which one of them you will choose 4. Difference between c++ and C#. 5. Why do you want to join Goldman Sachs and what will you bring to Goldman Sachs? Round6: 1. Tell me about the work which you have done and about which you are most proud of 2. Detail discussion about the current project 3. Different types of collection in C# and difference between hashmap and hashtable and their internal implementation 4. Difference between buffered IO and unbuffered IO. Advantages and disadvantages 5. How ajax works? Difference between angular js and jquery If you like GeeksforGeeks and would like to contribute, you can also write an article and mail your article to contribute@geeksforgeeks.org. See your article appearing on the GeeksforGeeks main page and help other Geeks.           Related Topics: MakeMyTrip Interview Experience | Set 4 Amazon Interview Experience | Set 152 Amazon Interview Experience | Set 151 (For SDE) Amazon Interview Experience | Set 150 (SDE1 for 1 Year Experienced) Amazon Interview Experience | Set 149 (On-Campus for Internship) Amazon Interview Experience | Set 148 Amazon Interview Questions | Set 147 Jabong Interview Experience for Software Development Engineer Tags: Morgan Stanley Tweet Writing code in comment? Please use ideone.com and share the link here. Interview Experiences Advanced Data Structures Dynamic Programming Greedy Algorithms Backtracking Pattern Searching Divide & Conquer Mathematical Algorithms Recursion Geometric Algorithms Popular Posts All permutations of a given string Memory Layout of C Programs Understanding “extern” keyword in C Median of two sorted arrays Tree traversal without recursion and without stack! Structure Member Alignment, Padding and Data Packing Intersection point of two Linked Lists Lowest Common Ancestor in a BST. Check if a binary tree is BST or not Sorted Linked List to Balanced BST Follow @GeeksforGeeks Subscribe Recent Comments @geeksforgeeks, Some rights reserved        Contact Us! Powered by WordPress & MooTools, customized by geeksforgeeks team
