MakeMyTrip Interview Experience | Set 4 - GeeksforGeeks GeeksforGeeks A computer science portal for geeks GeeksQuiz Login Home Algorithms DS GATE Interview Corner Q&A C C++ Java Books Contribute Ask a Q About Array Bit Magic C/C++ Articles GFacts Linked List MCQ Misc Output String Tree Graph MakeMyTrip Interview Experience | Set 4 Round 1 : Written : Q1. Given a stream of around billion numbers in an array, which has approximately only 1000 unique numbers. Print the unique numbers. Complexity should be less than O(n). Eg: Input: 1,1,1,1,….2,2,2,…3,4,4,4,4……1111,1111,……….. Output : 1,2,3,4,1111 Q2: Write a program to print the frequency of all words in a given paragraph. Q3: Write a program to reverse the string word wise. Eg: I/P : “I am a boy” O/P: “boy a am I” Q4: Write a program to explain producer consumer program using threads. Q5: (Only theory) What data structures will you use to design a garbage collector. Round 2: F2F Q1: Given an array in which all numbers except two are repeated once. (i.e. we have 2n+2 numbers and n numbers are occurring twice and remaining two have occurred once). Find those two numbers in the most efficient way Q 2 : Given a linked list with next and arbitrary pointers, clone it. Q 3 : A lot of questions around Spring, Hibernate, REST, Dependency Injection, AOP etc. Q4 : Reverse a linked list in groups of n. Round 3: F2F Q1: Vertical level order traversal of a tree. Q2: Reverse the second half of the linked list in the most efficient way. Q3: Find the merging point of two linked list. Q4: Write a function to generate all possible n pairs of balanced parentheses. For example, if n=1{} for n=2 {}{} {{}} Q5 : Again a lot of drilling questions on Java, Spring, MVC, Singleton, Hibernate, REST. Round 4 : F2F (Manager/Architect) This round had questions more around various technology stacks, Design Patterns ( Interceptor, Singleton, Publisher Subscriber, MVC etc etc ) UI Templates REST Spring Java In memory database Log appenders Round 5: F2F ( H.R. ) Generic questions like why do you want to join Makemytrip. What are your career aspirations. How do you think it aligns with MMT. Thanks to geeksforgeeks for the awesome database of questions, that helped me clear the interview. If you like GeeksforGeeks and would like to contribute, you can also write an article and mail your article to contribute@geeksforgeeks.org. See your article appearing on the GeeksforGeeks main page and help other Geeks.           Related Topics: Goldman Sachs Interview Experience | Set 5 Amazon Interview Experience | Set 152 Amazon Interview Experience | Set 151 (For SDE) Amazon Interview Experience | Set 150 (SDE1 for 1 Year Experienced) Amazon Interview Experience | Set 149 (On-Campus for Internship) Amazon Interview Experience | Set 148 Amazon Interview Questions | Set 147 Jabong Interview Experience for Software Development Engineer Tags: MakeMyTrip Tweet Writing code in comment? Please use ideone.com and share the link here. Interview Experiences Advanced Data Structures Dynamic Programming Greedy Algorithms Backtracking Pattern Searching Divide & Conquer Mathematical Algorithms Recursion Geometric Algorithms Popular Posts All permutations of a given string Memory Layout of C Programs Understanding “extern” keyword in C Median of two sorted arrays Tree traversal without recursion and without stack! Structure Member Alignment, Padding and Data Packing Intersection point of two Linked Lists Lowest Common Ancestor in a BST. Check if a binary tree is BST or not Sorted Linked List to Balanced BST Follow @GeeksforGeeks Subscribe Recent Comments @geeksforgeeks, Some rights reserved        Contact Us! Powered by WordPress & MooTools, customized by geeksforgeeks team
