Bollywood Movie Kill Dill (2014) Critics Review And Rating Search Search MensXP Menu < back Entertainment Movie Reviews MensXP Exclusive Bollywood Movie Review: Kill Dill (2014) Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest Comments Whatsapp Rating: 3 Review: 'Kill Dill' is a film about Dev (Ranveer Singh) and Tutu (Ali Zafar), two abandoned kids who were looked after by Bhaiyaji (Govinda). They are raised by Bhaiyaji to become killers. During the course of the film, Dev meets Disha (Parineeti Chopra) and falls in love with her. He decides to leave his profession and live life like a family man, only for Disha. But all hell breaks lose when Bhaiyaji finds out. No, there is nothing new in the plot. It is a heard before story presented in a new way. 'Kill Dill' has been directed by Shaad Ali, the man who redefined young romance with 'Saathiya'. But, sadly, 'Kill Dill' fails to impress. The plot is predictable till the very end and there is only so much the energy in the film can compensate for. The script is just fine but lacks uniqueness and power. But what is good, is the overall feel of the film. From the posters to the cinematography to the pace of the film, it is indeed, an enjoyable watch. Talking about the performances, Ranveer Singh shines bright. He is the sole reason why we think 'Kill Dill' is above average. He breathes in energy into every frame he appears in. He is a hundred percent convincing as Dev. In fact, he adds a whole new dimension to the character and brings it to life with his applause worthy performance. Half a star for this man alone! Parineeti Chopra impresses with her performance but tries too hard to look sexy in places. Her attempt at shedding the girl next door image and becoming the latest sex siren clearly doesn't work. Ali Zafar is suitably cast, but the rest of the cast overshadows him. Govinda is superb. His dance moves are as killer as they were in the 90s. Verdict: 'Kill Dill' is fun to watch but offers nothing new. Watch it with your friends if you have nothing else to do this weekend. Photo: © Yash Raj Films (Main Image) Related Stories Arjun Kapoor Is All Set To Do Some Serious Damage in Tevar In Less Than 9 Minutes, This Man Points Out 138 Mistakes In... The Trailer Of Sulemani Keeda Will Show You What Indie Features... Saif Ali Khan Is Back In The Game With The 'Happy Ending' First... MensXP Exclusive Bollywood Movie Review: Haider (2014) Trending Stories 25 Countries Best Described In These Hilarious One Liners 41 Epic Sign Board Fails You Can Only Find In India 8 Heartbreaking Signs That Your Friendship Is Slowly Ending 15 Amazing Facts About The Indian Army That Will Make You Proud 6 Reasons Why Gautam Gulati Might Just Win Bigg Boss 8 Sign Up For Our Weekly Newsletter More on MensXP.com HEALTH RELATIONSHIPS FASHION GROOMING POWER & MONEY TECHNOLOGY ENTERTAINMENT TRENDING Celeb Trends | Celebrity Photos | Gossip | Interviews | Movie Reviews | Top 10s | About Us | Contact Us | Advertise | Terms | Authors | Privacy Policy Desktop Site © Times Internet Limited | Indiatimes Lifestyle Network x HEALTH RELATIONSHIPS FASHION GROOMING Power & Money Technology Entertainment Trending Facebook Twitter PinInterest
