Best Android Apps: Top 10 Android Apps For November 2014 Search Search MensXP Menu < back Technology Portable Media Top 10 Android Apps For November 2014 Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest Comments Whatsapp New month of November calls for some new apps! So if you have had enough of the same icons floating on your screen, here are top 10 best new Android apps that you must check out this November. 1. PCMark for Android Benchmark Want to actually know how better your android device performs when compared to other Android devices? Well, here is a benchmarking tool to tell you how nippy your device is. PCMark for Android gives you an accurate guide to the performance in varied situations of usage. From stats to tips, the app gives you every detail of the functioning of your device. It is also useful when upgrading newer models. 2. Google Fit Late but not any less! Google's homegrown attempt at tracking fitness has finally arrived. Google Fit is an activity and fitness-tracking app which syncs with the wider Google Fit platform. The apps does nothing new and measures walking, running, cycling and other physical activates. The info display though is much cleaner when compared with other apps. 3. HERE Maps Nokia is now an independent unit devoted to mapping and tracking technology.  Nokia's HERE is one such example of the good work the new Nokia enterprise is doing. Nokia HERE is a maps service that stands amongst the likes of Google, TomTom and OpenStreetMap. The app is really very accurate and possibly the only one that can give a Google maps a hard time. It sports full offline access for entire countries and continents. 4. Djay 2 Djay 2 has finally arrived on Android. The app lets you create mixes from Spotify or your own local collection of music. Co-branded controllers that will work with this app are being manufactures by Numark, Casio and Philips. 5. Offtime Offtime is a clutter-free app that's helps you prioritize the calls, texts and notifications you receive in routine. The app only lets important stuff pass on to you while halting stuff that can actually wait. For example, 4 missed calls in succession from the same number hints at urgent matters, Offtime will permit the next call from the same number to come through. Helpful pre-set profiles are 'Focused Work', 'Family' and 'Unplugging'.  'Unplugging' automatically mutes notifications, calls and texts, while app access is restricted too. 6. Findery Findery is a very handy travel app. The app lets anyone using the app to add context to any random point or check point on a map. You can add helpful notes, travel details, notes, video, audio, text and even images to help other people explore the place with ease. 7. Microsoft Xim This is a group photo viewing app which lets the users select a group of photos and invite people to see them on their device at the very same time. Everyone invited should have Microsoft Xim installed though. 8. Samba Another video messaging app, Samba is a fun to play around with. So the app lets you shoot 15-second reaction shots in response to the photo message your friend sent you. You should at least give it a shot! 9. Ready Contact Ready Contact is a brilliant new contacts organizing app. Apart from organizing and syncing with email addresses, you can even do things like check emails between yourself and the person you are dialing. It's free and definitely deserves a check out! 10. Journey And Notes A bit on the lines of Foursquare, Journey and Notes focuses on the journey instead of the destination. For example, if you are going from one place to another, you can check in that you're making that trip with your preferred mode of transportation. Also, other people who make the same trip can see any tips or comments you make while on the journey. Photo: © YouTube (Main Image) Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest Comments Whatsapp     Samsung Galaxy A5 And A3: Here's A Look At... Related Stories Why Google Glass Might Be Dying Top 10 iOS Apps For November 2014 Auto Pocket Lock: An App That Automatically Locks Your Phone... Top 10 iOS Apps For October 2014 Top 10 Android Apps For October 2014 Trending Stories 25 Countries Best Described In These Hilarious One Liners 41 Epic Sign Board Fails You Can Only Find In India 8 Heartbreaking Signs That Your Friendship Is Slowly Ending 15 Amazing Facts About The Indian Army That Will Make You Proud 6 Reasons Why Gautam Gulati Might Just Win Bigg Boss 8 Sign Up For Our Weekly Newsletter More on MensXP.com HEALTH RELATIONSHIPS FASHION GROOMING POWER & MONEY TECHNOLOGY ENTERTAINMENT TRENDING Gaming | Laptops | Latest | Portable Media | Reviews | Smart Phones | Web & Social | About Us | Contact Us | Advertise | Terms | Authors | Privacy Policy Desktop Site © Times Internet Limited | Indiatimes Lifestyle Network x HEALTH RELATIONSHIPS FASHION GROOMING Power & Money Technology Entertainment Trending Facebook Twitter PinInterest
