Be yourself Vishal Sikka, former boss tells Infosys chief - The Times of India Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times| More More Follow Tech News The Times of India The Times of India Indiatimes Web (by Google) Video Photos Advanced Search » Home City India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Life & Style Women Spirituality NRI Photos Videos If staff can’t keep city clean, fire them: Delhi HC Man held at Ahmedabad airport with gold wort... Woman techie assaulted, robbed in moving aut... Schoolgirl freed after 15 days as hostage 3 minors held for raping 5-year-old in Quepe... Hyderabad man kills wife for refusing divorc... No police permission, but Kiss of Love will ... Police most corrupt dept in state, says port... Man sentenced to life for hurling infant dau... FOLLOW TOI Tech Tech News Reviews Jobs Social IT Services Slideshows How To Mobiles PCs Apps Gaming Computing More Gadgets Special Special Net neutrality iPad Air 2 launch IFA 2014 Apple unveils iPhone 6, 6 Plus, Apple Watch Google I/O 2014 Infosys appoints Vishal Sikka as the new CEO E3 2014 WWDC14 Computex 2014 Videos You are here: Home » Tech » Tech News RELATED ARTICLES Mammoth chargesheet filed against ex-JMC CEO Microsoft: Compared to Apple and Yahoo, we are not overpaying our new CEO Meerut Cantt Board to decide fate of its engineer Expatriates hiring picking up at top management levels: Experts Seminar on e-governance held at IPER College PCR to ZP paper leak mastermind till Nov 29 Kriti Sanon to endorse American Swan FEATURED TODAY IN Tech 1.Amazon in talks to buy Jabong for $1.2 billion: Report 2.MIT offered help, not IISc, says Murthy 3.European Parliament backs break-up of Google 4.Behind Google's Europe woes, American accents 5.BlackBerry paying iPhone users to switch to Passport 6.Uber on your Android phone steals your data, and your neighbours' too 7.Apple to discontinue iPhone 5C: Report 8.Netflix accuses Yahoo CIO Michael Kail of fraud 9.Google rolls out 'smart' spoon 10.Google must apply 'right to be forgotten' globally: EU more RELATED KEYWORDS: Vishal-Sikka|Leo-Apotheker|Infosys-results|CEO Be yourself Vishal Sikka, former boss tells Infosys chiefThe author has posted comments on this articleShilpa Phadnis, TNN | Oct 10, 2014, 02.01AM IST Share on Linkedin As Vishal Sikka takes to the stage on Friday to announce Infosys’ results for the first time as its CEO, his former boss had this advice for him - “Be Vishal Sikka.” Page 1 of 4 BANGALORE: As Vishal Sikka takes to the stage on Friday to announce Infosys' results for the first time as its CEO, his former boss had this advice for him - "Be Vishal Sikka." Leo Apotheker, who was co-CEO of SAP, where Sikka was CTO, and then the CEO of Hewlett-Packard (HP), said, "I'm sure he will do whatever he thinks is the right thing to do for Infosys. The last thing he needs is a bunch of people who don't have the facts to give him advice." Sikka is expected to announce major policy changes on Friday. Apotheker had nothing but fulsome praise for Sikka's technology acumen. "I had the pleasure of working for him or he had the pleasure of working for me, that's a relative narration. You could ask him if he enjoyed it or not, but I enjoyed working with him," he said. Apotheker, now the vice-chairman and independent lead director in Schneider Electric, was in Bangalore on Thursday to lead a panel discussion on `Smart Cities' hosted by Schneider. Apotheker believes Sikka was brought into Infosys to augment revenues from products and IP. "Today, you can't be a successful IT company if you don't own IP. Trying to put more into a service company is a smart strategy," he said. Talking about Indian IT, Apotheker said the industry had got global recognition for championing the global delivery model and not because of labour arbitrage. "People have a misconception about what made the Indian IT services companies successful. Many believe it was labour arbitrage, that's wrong. What made these companies successful was that they came up with another way of delivering IT services which was much smarter. The cost differential was the icing on the cake," he said. The former HP boss also feels vindicated by his successor, Meg Whitman's recent decision to split HP into two -- one focused on software and services and the other on PCs and printing. "It's always a good feeling to know that you were right," he said. Apotheker had proposed separating the PC business back in 2011, but that and some other decisions were met with an internal backlash, leading to his ouster just after 11 months on the job. "I was always convinced that it was the right thing to do. I have said it numerous times since and remained convinced that it was the right thing to do and obviously now they are doing it. I just hope that they will execute well and they will be successful. I am sorry to see 55,000 jobs being destroyed. May be if they would have done it sooner, it wouldn't have happened like that," he said. Article continues Stay updated on the go with The Times of India’s mobile apps. Click here to download it for your device. Reader's opinions Read All Comments THE TIMES OF INDIA Powered by INDIATIMES About usAdvertise with usTerms of Use and Grievance Redressal PolicyPrivacy policyFeedback RSSNewsletterTOI MobileePaperSitemapArchives Other Times Group news sites Times Crest | The Economic Times इकनॉमिक टाइम्स | ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ Mumbai Mirror | Times Now Indiatimes | नवभारत टाइम्स महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स | ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ Go Green Living and entertainment Timescity | iDiva | Bollywood | Zoom Healthmeup | Luxpresso | Technoholik Guylife Interest Networkitimes | Email Hot on the Web Hotklix Services Book print ads | Online shopping | Business solutions | Book domains | Web hosting Business email | Free SMS | Free email | Website design | CRM | Tenders | Remit Cheap air tickets | Matrimonial | Ringtones | Astrology | Jobs | Property | Buy car Bikes in India | Deals | Free Classifieds Copyright © 2014 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service
