SIAM: How to Subscribe JOURNALS How to Subscribe Journal Pricing View list and members' subscription rates for all SIAM journals. 2015 Journal Pricing 2015 Back Volume Pricing [PDF, 40KB] 2014 Print Journal Schedule [PDF, 40KB] Download Online Journal Subscription Agreement [PDF, 107KB] Ordering Information All subscriptions are on a calendar-year basis. Back issues will be mailed on orders received after January 1. Prior year subscriptions will be charged at the current year's prices. Subscriber numbers (when known) should be used on all orders, inquiries, and correspondence. If order is to be billed, a purchase order must accompany it. In the event that a purchase order cannot be supplied, pre-payment is required. When you place an order using any of the options listed below, please be sure to include the following information: Name Complete Shipping Information Complete Billing Information Product Codes, if applicable (books) SIAM Document Reference Numbers, if applicable (membership renewals and invoices) Contact information (phone, fax, and/or e-mail) should we have questions about your order Options for Placing Your Order Online: Individuals may use our secure order form for credit card payment Customer Service Representatives are available to take your call between 8:30 a.m. and 4:45 p.m. Eastern Time. Call Toll Free (in the USA and Canada): 1-800-447-SIAM Outside the USA and Canada: 215-382-9800 Fax your order to the attention of the Customer Service Department at 215-386-7999 or email to subscriptions@siam.org. Regular Mail. Send your order to: SIAM 3600 Market Street, 6th Floor Philadelphia, PA 19104-2688 Wire Transfer: Contact SIAM at service@siam.org for bank information. Purchase Order: Fax "bill-to" orders to the attention of the Customer Service Department at 215-386-7999. New customers in China, Vietnam, Indonesia, Singapore, Taiwan, Hong Kong, Thailand, Philippines, Malaysia, India, Sri Lanka, Bangladesh, and Pakistan can order locally through SIAM's agent, iGroup. Send an email to Jennifer Yong at jennifer.yeng@igroup.net to get started. LOCUS: our comprehensive electronic collection of all SIAM journal articles from 1953-1996. Purchasing a LOCUS subscription along with a subscription to SIAM Journals Online provides users with immediate access to all SIAM journal content from 1953 to the present. Order Form [PDF, 122KB] Questions or comments? If you have questions or comments about the SIAM journal program, including SIAM Journals Online, please contact David K. Marshall, Journals Publisher, 215-382-9800 x377 or marshall@siam.org. Subscriptions Discounts Discounts are available to SIAM members and wholesalers upon request and upon meeting certain specifications/qualifications. Optional Air Freight Service Air freight service is available to all subscribers outside the United States. Journals will be received in a more timely manner by using air freight. Air freight service is not available for microfilm, back volume, and replacement issues. Rates are as follows: SIAM News: $1.50 per issue; all other SIAM journals: $5.50 per issue. Replacement Policy All claims for missing issues must be made in writing within six months of the publication date. Issues claimed after this time can be purchased at the single copy rate.  SIAM is not responsible for duties, taxes or delays due to Customs inspections. Please contact your local Customs office for further information. Refunds Refunds are determined by pro-rating the number of issues which have been mailed. Issues are pro-rated at the single copy cost. Journals cannot be returned to claim credit or reimbursement. Cancellations Subscription cancellations will not be accepted after April 1 of the current subscription year. Individual Journal Articles You may purchase a PDF copy of any SIAM journal article. Please go to http://epubs.siam.org/ and identify the journal, issue and article that you are interested in. When you try to display the PDF, you will be asked if you wish to purchase a copy. Enter your credit card information and the article will be emailed to you. If you have any problems contact service@siam.org. Title Changes SIAM Journal on Matrix Analysis and Applications is a continuation of SIAM Journal on Algebraic and Discrete Methods as of January 1, 1988. SIAM Journal on Scientific and Statistical Computing became SIAM Journal on Scientific Computing January 1, 1993. Corporate/Institutional Memberships Memberships are offered to corporations (such as research facilities and agencies) and non-degree-granting nonacademic institutions. Member advantages include discount rates on a select combination package or all SIAM journals; one or several subscriptions to SIAM News; discounts on SIAM book purchases; SIAM conference registration discounts for employees of member institutions; and recognition of your support of applied mathematics in various publications and at meetings. Academic Memberships Degree-granting institutions are eligible to apply for any of several academic membership options. Membership benefits include a selection of SIAM journals, a subscription to SIAM News, book discounts, free student memberships, and recognition of the institution's support. Contact SIAM Customer Service for further information and an application for the institutional membership best suited to your needs. Please note: these memberships are available through agents but must be explicitly ordered from SIAM as a membership, not subscriptions. Copyright © 2014, Society for Industrial and Applied Mathematics 3600 Market Street, 6th Floor | Philadelphia, PA 19104-2688 USA Phone: +1-215-382-9800 | FAX: +1-215-386-7999 site map | privacy policy | webmaster@siam.org | suggestions Banner art adapted from a figure by Hinke M. Osinga and Bernd Krauskopf (University of Auckland, NZ). SIAM Home About SIAM Activity Groups Advertising Books Careers & Jobs Conferences Customer Service Digital Library Fellows Program History Project Journals Membership Prizes & Recognitions Proceedings Public Awareness Reports Sections SIAM Connect SIAM News Students Visiting Lecturer In This Section Journals SIAM Journals Online Open Access Supplementary Materials Recently Posted Articles SIAM's Policy on Refereeing and Revision Times How to Subscribe Electronic Submissions Author Information Librarian’s Corner Report on investigation of a case of plagiarism Authorial Integrity in Scientific Publication Problems and Solutions Policy on Honorary Special Issues Sample Issues Renew SIAM · Contact Us · Site Map · Join SIAM · My Account Search this site: Search book catalog: Search journals: Search proceedings: Search news:
