Hiring checks: What Indian startups look for in candidates - The Times of India Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times| More More Follow Jobs The Times of India The Times of India Indiatimes Web (by Google) Video Photos Advanced Search » Home City India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Life & Style Women Spirituality NRI Photos Videos Bengaluru techie jumps to death from fourth floor Waiter shot dead over payment for two chappa... Heritage city status sought for Patna Nigerians take Hyderabad businessman for a B... Man gets 5-year jail term for sexual abuse o... If staff can’t keep city clean, fire them: D... Man held at Ahmedabad airport with gold wort... Woman techie assaulted, robbed in moving aut... Thane man gets death for rape of 6-year-old FOLLOW TOI Tech Tech News Reviews Jobs Social IT Services Slideshows How To Mobiles PCs Apps Gaming Computing More Gadgets Special Special Net neutrality iPad Air 2 launch IFA 2014 Apple unveils iPhone 6, 6 Plus, Apple Watch Google I/O 2014 Infosys appoints Vishal Sikka as the new CEO E3 2014 WWDC14 Computex 2014 Videos You are here: Home » Tech » Jobs RELATED ARTICLES Tough jobs may protect memory Foreign degree holders better skilled for jobs Danny Boyle to helm Universal Pictures' Steve Jobs film Lack of IT space may cost Chennai 70,000 jobs If all of us were like Steve Jobs, society would just fall apart Police bust job racket, arrest 1 Steve Jobs's reaction when Jon Stewart made fun of Apple FEATURED TODAY IN Tech 1.Mobile price war: RCom offers unlimited data at Rs 999 2.Asus PadFone mini review: The budget hybrid 3.Samsung employees fear layoffs as annual reshuffle nears 4.Android 5.0 (Lollipop): 16 new features 5.Amazon in talks to buy Jabong for $1.2 billion: Report 6.Infosys organizes US hackathon to attract global talent 7.Grocery shopping sites in India eye nationwide expansion 8.E-commerce players gear up for Google's online shopping bonanza 9.Startup accelerator GSF goes mobile-first 10.Intel wants India to tighten trade secret rules more RELATED KEYWORDS: startup-jobs|jobs-at-snapdeal|Jobs Hiring checks: What Indian startups look for in candidatesThe author has posted comments on this articleSreeradha Basu, ET Bureau | Oct 10, 2014, 06.50PM IST Share on Linkedin Startups are using multi-level assessments, psychometric tests and roping in external partners. Page 1 of 4 MUMBAI: Hiring mistakes can prove costly given the fierce pace at which startups are scaling up.Swati Bhargava, co-founder of leading cashback site Cashkaro, learnt this the hard way when they hired a senior person for online marketing last year. They faced various issues with the hire, says Swati, including overpromising and underdelivering on his part and management styles, which alienated other team members. "We had to let the person go in three months and undo and re-do a lot of work done by him. We realised in hindsight that it would have been better to wait and look for the right person than spend so much energy , time and resources on making it work," says Bhargava. In the process, Cashkaro estimates they lost out nearly Rs 8 lakh on salaries, training and the like. As Bhargava learnt first-hand, the biggest challenge facing startups today isn't getting funded - it's hiring the right people. Attracting good talent isn't enough - they need to be the perfect fit as well. That's why a bunch of them, from Snapdeal and Vuclip to Cashkaro, Wingify and TastyKhana, are now deploying techniques like multi-level assessments, psychometric tests and roping in external partners to make sure they don't end up paying a heavy price for quick, wrong hires. "The industry is growing at breakneck speed.The margin of error of getting a wrong hire is minimal," says Saurabh Nigam, VP - HR at Snapdeal. "We want to guarantee that our hiring is as scientific as possible." Recently, Snapdeal rolled out a three-level assessment test to get the right talent, in skills, aptitude, culture and fitment. There's a standarised aptitude test with different benchmarks; after clearing which a candidate is tested on functionspecific skills. In the technology domain, for instance, Snapdeal has tied up with HackerRank to test candidates on coding skills. The final stage involving psychometric tests is to gauge cultural and values fitment, and for that Snapdeal is speaking to multiple partners besides the likes of Aon Hewitt and Development Dimensions International. All this will be in place before the company hits campuses for hiring later this year. Cashkaro's Swati and her co-founder husband Rohan now extensively use numerical, written and psychometric tests to measure various parameters including analytical skills, communication skills, multitasking skills and the ability to function independently . "When it comes to recruitment, we can't afford to get it wrong," says Swati. Unlike large companies which have big training setups to train new joinees, startups want people who can jumpstart, says Varun Aggarwal, CTO and COO of leading employability solutions company Aspiring Minds, which works with nearly 600 startups. "They really want to avoid bad hires. For some, even one bad hire might be 10% to 20% of their total work force," he says. According to the Indian Startup Study Report 2014 by the Hay Group, Indian startups face a high employee attrition rate of 17%, which rises to 21% in growth startups, says its director Debabrat Mishra. "More than the direct cost, it's the cost to business that has bigger implications in case of a bad hire," says Anuj Roy , partner, digital practice at executive search firm Transearch. Startups across the board agree that the success of their organisations hinges on the right talent. People who thrive in a startup are generally cut from a different cloth: they need to be goal-oriented, passionate, self-motivated, be able to handle uncertainty, think out of the box, be adaptable, open to chances and have the ability to exceed expectations. Simulated tests of programming, personality assessment and those based on situation handling skills are very relevant for startups, says Aspiring Minds' Aggarwal. Their technology and products are used in various combinations by customers according to requirements and include AUTOMATA (simulated test of computer programming), AM-Start (workplace competency test measuring traits like effective communication, team work, learning attitude, prioritisation, etc) and AMPI (Big-five based personality inventory to measure goal-orientation, dependability, and so on). In March this year, mobile video company Vuclip used psychometric tests at two campuses to filter through hundreds of resumes to get down to a set of about 30-40 candidates for in-person interviews. "We assessed potential hires for what we call their `get-it' ability as well as their other skills to help find the best functional and cultural fit. This is because we believe that a combination of natural intelligence (not just grades) coupled with a great attitude leads to amazing results," says Nickhil Jakatdar, CEO of Vuclip. Candidates have mastered the art of cracking the interviews and hence, start-ups are using psychometric assessments to know their real self, adds Mohit Gundecha, co-founder and CEO of Jombay, a startup in the space of recruitments and profiling. "Start-ups typically measure behavioural traits like stress tolerance, risk taking, adaptability, guilt consciousness and dependability of the potential hires," says Gundecha, whose clients include Vuclip and Pune-based food ordering startup TastyKhana. Jombay uses assessment and analytics to find the cultural fitment of the candidate to the job and the company. Sparsh Gupta, partner and CTO of Wingify , says that they have used external agency tests to whittle down the number of applicants while hiring for customer happiness (support) engineers where the pool of available talent tends to be very big. Overall, he says, the passion and the vision of the hires are hugely important. "Every product we design is like a baby. We nurture it, design it and spend months, even years, refining it.We need people who believe that we can become the next big thing and work towards making it happen." Article continues Stay updated on the go with The Times of India’s mobile apps. Click here to download it for your device. Reader's opinions Read All Comments THE TIMES OF INDIA Powered by INDIATIMES About usAdvertise with usTerms of Use and Grievance Redressal PolicyPrivacy policyFeedback RSSNewsletterTOI MobileePaperSitemapArchives Other Times Group news sites Times Crest | The Economic Times इकनॉमिक टाइम्स | ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ Mumbai Mirror | Times Now Indiatimes | नवभारत टाइम्स महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स | ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ Go Green Living and entertainment Timescity | iDiva | Bollywood | Zoom Healthmeup | Luxpresso | Technoholik Guylife Interest Networkitimes | Email Hot on the Web Hotklix Services Book print ads | Online shopping | Business solutions | Book domains | Web hosting Business email | Free SMS | Free email | Website design | CRM | Tenders | Remit Cheap air tickets | Matrimonial | Ringtones | Astrology | Jobs | Property | Buy car Bikes in India | Deals | Free Classifieds Copyright © 2014 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service
