After iPhone 6 Plus, Samsung Galaxy Note 4 fails bend-test - The Times of India Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times| More More Follow Tech News The Times of India The Times of India Indiatimes Web (by Google) Video Photos Advanced Search » Home City India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Life & Style Women Spirituality NRI Photos Videos Delhi teen murder case: FIR against Vodafone Bengaluru techie jumps to death from fourth ... Heritage city status sought for Patna Nigerians take Hyderabad businessman for a B... If staff can’t keep city clean, fire them: D... Man held at Ahmedabad airport with gold wort... Woman techie assaulted, robbed in moving aut... Thane man gets death for rape of 6-year-old Schoolgirl freed after 15 days as hostage FOLLOW TOI Tech Tech News Reviews Jobs Social IT Services Slideshows How To Mobiles PCs Apps Gaming Computing More Gadgets Special Special Net neutrality iPad Air 2 launch IFA 2014 Apple unveils iPhone 6, 6 Plus, Apple Watch Google I/O 2014 Infosys appoints Vishal Sikka as the new CEO E3 2014 WWDC14 Computex 2014 Videos You are here: Home » Tech » Tech News RELATED ARTICLES iPhone 6 Plus is more popular in Asia: Report Apple teams with (RED) to fight AIDS Steve Jobs's reaction when Jon Stewart made fun of Apple Apple supplier Hon Hai plans new display facility in Taiwan Samsung Electronics wins $3 billion Vietnam project license Samsung seeks to block Nvidia chips from US: Report Samsung Mobile execs set to pay price in overhaul FEATURED TODAY IN Tech 1.Amazon in talks to buy Jabong for $1.2 billion: Report 2.European Parliament backs break-up of Google 3.MIT offered help, not IISc, says Murthy 4.Behind Google's Europe woes, American accents 5.BlackBerry paying iPhone users to switch to Passport 6.Uber on your Android phone steals your data, and your neighbours' too 7.Apple to discontinue iPhone 5C: Report 8.Netflix accuses Yahoo CIO Michael Kail of fraud 9.Google rolls out 'smart' spoon 10.Google must apply 'right to be forgotten' globally: EU more RELATED KEYWORDS: Samsung-Galaxy-Note-4|Samsung|iPhone-6-Plus|Bendgate|Apple After iPhone 6 Plus, Samsung Galaxy Note 4 fails bend-testThe author has posted comments on this articleBusiness Insider | Oct 10, 2014, 05.45PM IST Share on Linkedin Unlike iPhone 6 Plus, which stays bent, Galaxy Note 4 could be bent back into place by applying pressure to the other side of the phone. Page 1 of 4 Just when it looked as if everyone had forgotten about bendgate, there's new evidence of a bendable smartphone. This time it's the Samsung Galaxy Note 4 that has been put to the test. Canadian YouTube user Unbox Therapy decided to test out the new Android phone and compare its structural integrity to the iPhone 6 Plus. This video comes from the same YouTube user who caused the bendgate controversy to go global with his iPhone 6 bend-test video. According to Unbox Therapy, the previous version of Galaxy Note, Samsung Galaxy Note 3, was one of the sturdiest smartphones on the market. But Galaxy Note 4 didn't perform nearly as well. Galaxy Note 4 seems to bend in exactly the same spot as iPhone 6 Plus: Just below the volume controls. The phone is seen to have a slight warp after Unbox Therapy exerts force around that area. But unlike iPhone 6 Plus, which stays bent, Galaxy Note 4 could be bent back into place by applying pressure to the other side of the phone. READ ALSO: Apple breaks silence over iPhone 6 Plus 'bendgate' issue Apple was quick to respond to the bendgate controversy. The company issued a statement playing down concerns over iPhone 6 Plus, remarking that "a total of nine customers" contacted it about the device bending during the first six days it was on sale. Apple even allowed CNBC to film inside the facility where iPhones are subjected to various tests. Article continues Stay updated on the go with The Times of India’s mobile apps. Click here to download it for your device. Reader's opinions Read All Comments THE TIMES OF INDIA Powered by INDIATIMES About usAdvertise with usTerms of Use and Grievance Redressal PolicyPrivacy policyFeedback RSSNewsletterTOI MobileePaperSitemapArchives Other Times Group news sites Times Crest | The Economic Times इकनॉमिक टाइम्स | ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ Mumbai Mirror | Times Now Indiatimes | नवभारत टाइम्स महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स | ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ Go Green Living and entertainment Timescity | iDiva | Bollywood | Zoom Healthmeup | Luxpresso | Technoholik Guylife Interest Networkitimes | Email Hot on the Web Hotklix Services Book print ads | Online shopping | Business solutions | Book domains | Web hosting Business email | Free SMS | Free email | Website design | CRM | Tenders | Remit Cheap air tickets | Matrimonial | Ringtones | Astrology | Jobs | Property | Buy car Bikes in India | Deals | Free Classifieds Copyright © 2014 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service
