Which Bigg Boss 8 Character are You | Entertainment | iDiva.com Follow Home Relationships Parenting Style & Beauty Food Entertainment Work & Life Health How to Beauty Pageants iDate Follow Us Bollywood | Hollywood | Television | Celebrities | Travel | Music & Books | Trending : #Smart Ideas #Bridal #Bigg Boss Bigg Boss 8: Which Bigg Boss 8 Character are You? By Team iDiva | posted Nov 28th 2014 at 5:55PM Tweet Pin It 0 0COMMENTS  1 Auto Play 2  PreviousNext Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10Next Bigg Boss 8 is two months old and it's like the contestants have become family. We know them inside out. Their strengths, their weaknesses, and of course, their personalities. So check out who's the Dark Horse and who's the Devil in Disguise, or did you guess already? Find out which Bigg Boss 8 character you are. Don't Miss! ​Bigg Boss Inmates with Criminal Record TAGS : Bigg Boss 8, Bigg Boss, Bigg Boss house, contestants, Tweet Pin It 0 0COMMENTS PREVIOUS POST Weekend Bookshelf: Shopaholic to the Stars you might also like Bigg Boss 8: Who Will Be... Bigg Boss 8: Who Will Be... Bigg Boss 8: Who Will Be Evicted in Week 4? Bigg Boss 8: Who Will Be... Bigg Boss 8: Who Will Be... Have something to say? Post your comment Please feed the comment box with your valuable thoughts, not with spam or abuse. Help keep this space clean and fun for everybody :-) Note : 5 points will be allocated for comments with minimum character limit of 25 & Above. Most Popular 1 Bollywood Celebrity Lip Jobs Which Failed to Impress 2 In Pics: Arpita Khan's Wedding Reception in Mumbai 3 Bigg Boss 8: Who Will Be Evicted in Week 10? More Stories Editor's PICK 10 Indian Veg Recipes for an Appetising Dinner 10 Love Phrases to Woo Your Man Top 10 Study-Abroad Tips for Aspiring... More Stories Hot Galleries 10 Indian Veg Recipes for an Appetising Dinner 10 Indian Veg Recipes for an Appetising Dinner Bigg Boss 8: Which Bigg Boss 8 Character are You? 7 Looks We Totally Want to Steal from Kangna Ranaut gossip Salman Khan's 48 and Still... Salman Khan is 48 years old and while everyone matures with age, he seems to be suffering... Did Salman Khan Just Make an Indecent... As if Arpita Khan's wedding wasn't talked about enough, here's some more... All That You Need to Know About... Arpita Khan is getting married to Delhi based businessman Aayush Sharma today in a... More Stories in focus Bridal Diaries Forget the Wedding; Prepare for the Marriage! Honeymoon Like Your Favourite Celebrity Couples Do Bridal Diaries: 30 Days to D-Day idiva Newsletter! Diary My top tips for women travelling in India Wine and Women Packing tips for women travelers All iDiva My Profile Today | Last 7 Days | Last 30 Days | last 365 Days Light Yagami 1 1907 Ashish Anand 2 1811 Ananya Shrivastava 3 1627 Abhay Kumar 4 1613 Vijay Singh 5 1542 Know More about Times Points Today | Last 7 Days | Last 30 Days | last 365 Days Narayan V 1 119 Sonika Garg 2 115 Bhaskar Mandal 3 110 mathi singh 4 102 Me Hindustani 5 101 Know More about Times Points Club Diva If you love iDiva to bits, register now to earn the Club Diva badge! Club Diva Social Bee Tech savvy, are we? Connect your Facebook and Twitter account to your iDiva profile to earn the Social Bee badge now. Social Bee Social Queen Spread the word! Share iDiva articles and post your love through social media to earn the Social Queen badge. Keep sharing to unlock further levels. Social Queen News Spark Now get iDiva in your inbox! Subscribe to our weekly newsletter to earn the News Spark badge. News Spark Kill Bill Help keep iDiva clean and fun for everyone. Report spam and abuse to earn the Kill Bill badge. Keep patrolling the site to unlock further levels. Kill Bill Keen Kitten Ask a question to an expert to earn the Keen Kitten badge. Keep asking questions to unlock further levels. Keen Kitten Glib Wire Have an opinion? Spill! Post comments on articles to earn the Glib Wire badge. Be a regular to unlock further levels. Glib Wire Voyager Make iDiva your daily haunt to earn the Voyager badge. Keep coming back for more to unlock further levels. Voyager Hot Shot Is iDiva your favourite website ever? Prove it by being glued and earn the Hot Shot badge. Stay glued everyday to unlock further levels. Hot Shot Know More about Times Points You might also like Bigg Boss 8: Who Will Be Evicted in Week 3? »Read More Most Viral Mommy-Scopes: What's Your Zodiac's... Do you have the energy of an Arien to keep up with your kids or being a true blue Virgo, do you scoff at their untidy habits? Perhaps you... iParenting Nov 19th 2014 Are You are Guilty of Making These 10... No one is perfect. While men do make a bundle of errors in a relationship, we ladies too are guilty of making certain mistakes that can... Relationships Nov 18th 2014 Feeling Bloated? Make Sure You Stock Up on These... Consuming spicy foods and not eating on time are some reasons for feeling bloated. Gas and water retention are a common problem and may... Health Nov 19th 2014 sites we love Healthy Snack Recipe: Creamy Cucumber Dip Best of the Week: Why Women Should Eat More Chocolate 15 Funny Fitness Memes Treat Your Ingrown Toenails at Home Pregnancy and Dizziness Pick of The Week: Alluring Ears Top Lounges and Bars in Mumbai to Visit this Weekend S.T Dupont Unveils The White Night Limited Edition Collection Its a Private Island Resort by JW Marriott for Venice in 2015 Ferrari California T’s Artistic Debut with Fabian Oefner ^ BACK TO TOP OUR NETWORK Indiatimes Mensxp Used Cars The Times of India Times Now The Economic Times Zoom TV Gaana Satvik shop Travel Destinations Hotels Trending in City Healthmeup Luxpresso Live Cricket Score Cricket Scorecard MORE ON iDIVA Archive Mobile Terms of use & Grievance Topic Privacy Policy Community Guidelines About us Team Breast Cancer Union Budget 2014 Photo Features Forums FOLLOW US ON Contact us FAQ Site Maps Contact us  |   Team  |   Terms Of Use Copyright © 2014 Times Internet Limited. Powered By Indiatimes Lifestyle Network. All Rights Reserved.
