Women's Beauty, Style, Fitness, Entertainment, Lifestyle, Relationships, Careers | iDiva.com Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times| More More ADVERTISEMENT Women The Times of India The Times of India Indiatimes Web (by Google) Video Photos Advanced Search » The Times of India Women Relationships Parenting Style & Beauty Food Entertainment Work & Life Health How to Beauty Pageants iDate Follow Us Trending : #Smart Ideas #Bridal #Bigg Boss TOP STORIES 7 Looks We Totally Want to Steal from Kangna Ranaut I love Kangna for the raw, sexy charm that she exudes. While her fashion sense pretty much borders on safe and comfortable, you’ve got to admit that she works her looks fabulously with those pretty curls and that sexy attitude. In fact her latest... The Challenging Life of a Social Butterfly Life; it's one big party. It's also excruciatingly difficult and oh so unfair. Trust me, it comes to bite you in the ass when you least expect. The random tear in the maxi you recently resurrected from the back of your wardrobe or the... Are You a Good Dad? Take the Test… What makes a good dad? Is it about just providing a comfortable home, car, school fees and toys? Definitely not! A good dad is a good parent and not just a provider. A dad may be professionally successful, but be at a complete loss as a parent and... How to Make Masoor Dal Soup [Video] A piping hot bowl of dal is one of our favourite comfort foods. In the depths of winter, this comfort food can get an upgrade if you make a soup with it. With just a few spices, this soup can be a healthy option if you wish to have something light... Is It OK for Kids to Lose Weight When Teething Your chirpy little baby has turned into a whinny child who has lost a substantial amount of weight. This worries you, and rightly so. Yes, teething does cause kids to become cranky with itchy gums. What’s more? They might have to bear a lot of... Sponsored Post 10 Healthy Snacks to Satiate Pregnancy Cravings Sponsored Post The Hunger Games: Mockingjay, Part 1: WIN Couple Tickets to the Movie This Weekend! Sponsored Post Keep Your Radiance Intact This Winter Relationships Marriage Isn't for You. It Never Will Be. Marriage isn't for you. Relationships are about the person you love. It is... I am a Domestically-Challenged Bride; A Proud One! You Must Watch the 'My Husband Made Me a Prostitute' Video Before December 31 15 Annoying Things Only Indian Men Do 10 Love Phrases to Woo Your Man Style & Beauty Parineeti Chopra Vs Sameera Reddy in an Hermès Midi Dress We recently spotted Parineeti Chopra wearing a midi dress worn by actress Sameera... Pre-Wedding Pamper Rituals for Brides-to-Be 7 Style Lessons For the Big Girl Trend Alert: Wear the Pant Suit in Style Featured partner:Trend Alert: Best Gowns of this Season HOT GALLERIES 10 Indian Veg Recipes for an Appetising Dinner Bigg Boss 8: Which Bigg Boss 8 Character are You? 10 Things Which Disappear When a Baby Arrives How to Drink Healthy This Party Season Bigg Boss 8: Who Will Be Evicted in Week 10? 10 Tropical Getaways to Beat the Winter Blues More Galleries iParenting 10 Things Which Disappear When a Baby Arrives Doc Talk: Mindful Eating in Children It's a Baby Boy for Genelia and Riteish Deshmukh! 8 Expert Tips to Effortlessly Get Back in Shape Post Delivery 10 Cute Pyjamas for Your Little Princess Entertainment Bigg Boss 8: Which Bigg Boss 8 Character are You? Weekend Bookshelf: Shopaholic to the Stars Salman Khan's 48 and Still Hasn't Grown Up Why We Wish We Were At Macy’s Thanksgiving Day Parade in New York Bollywood Celebrity Lip Jobs Which Failed to Impress Latest Videos How to Make Corn Sabzi [Video] How to Make Achaari Dip [Video] How to Make Potato Peas Salad [Video] How to Make Spinach and Paneer Paranthas... 10 Songs That Prove Miley Cyrus is the Best... More Videos Work & Life How I Learnt to Survive the Last Week Till Payday It’s the last week of the month, and like always, I am b-r-o-k-e. No matter how... How to Set Up the Legal Structure of Your Start Up: Part 2 Why Do We Give Godmen the Power to Ruin Us? Vape. Word Of The Year 2014? I Beg to Differ Career Tips: 8 Ways to Start Your Own Catering Service Health How to Drink Healthy This Party Season Feeling Bloated? Make Sure You Stock Up on These 10 Foods These 7 Yoga Moves Can Help Improve Your Sex Life 10 Exercises Which Will Give You Perfectly Toned Arms 10 Reasons Your Gym Workout is Useless How To How to Make Masoor Dal Soup [Video] A piping hot bowl of dal is one of our favourite comfort foods. In the depths of winter, this comfort food can get an upgrade if you make a soup with it. With just a few spices, this soup can be a healthy option if you wish to have something light... Continue Reading You Might Also Like How to Make Healthy Veg Fusilli [Video] How to Drink Healthy This Party Season How to Make Healthy Sprouts Poha for... More How to's Columns Malti Bhojwani Malti Bhojwani is a best selling author and an experienced,... Marriage Isn't for You. It Never Will Be. Marriage isn't for you. Relationships are about the person you love. It is about making your... Swati Popat Vats An educator, an avant-garde educational activist and a parenting... Are You a Good Dad? Take the Test… What makes a good dad? Is it about just providing a comfortable home, car, school fees and toys?... Ruchika Vyas Ruchika has been a writer and editor for eight years and her work... Why We Wish We Were At Macy’s Thanksgiving Day... Every year, the holiday season kicks off with Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade in New York. Last... View all columns Editor's PICK 10 Indian Veg Recipes for an Appetising Dinner 10 Love Phrases to Woo Your Man Top 10 Study-Abroad Tips for Aspiring... More Stories Most Popular 1 Bollywood Celebrity Lip Jobs Which Failed to Impress 2 In Pics: Arpita Khan's Wedding Reception in Mumbai 3 Bigg Boss 8: Who Will Be Evicted in Week 10? More Stories Parineeti Chopra Vs Sameera Reddy in an... idiva Newsletter! Diary My top tips for women travelling in India Wine and Women Packing tips for women travelers in focus Bridal Diaries Forget the Wedding; Prepare for the Marriage! Honeymoon Like Your Favourite Celebrity Couples Do Bridal Diaries: 30 Days to D-Day gossip Salman Khan's 48 and Still... Salman Khan is 48 years old and while everyone matures with age, he seems to be suffering... Did Salman Khan Just Make an Indecent... As if Arpita Khan's wedding wasn't talked about enough, here's some more... All That You Need to Know About... Arpita Khan is getting married to Delhi based businessman Aayush Sharma today in a... More Stories Taroscope Why look for a tarot reader when you have Taroscope as your virtual tarot guide? Just type in your question... Access the Tool Chinese Zodiac Check out the Chinese Zodiac tool that will accurately reveal details about your health, career, finances and... Access the Tool Beauty Pageants Asha Bhat at Miss Supranational What's keeping Mr India Prateek Jain busy these days? Can you be the next Miss India? More Stories across the net All I needed to know about children, I learnt from cats Lalita Iyer  Nov 27th 2014 Wine Week Mumbai 25th Aug 2015 @ Jyran Michael Swamy  Aug 25th 2014 Trend Alert - Capes StylePile.com  Nov 21st 2014 weekly loot Let Your Lips Do the Talking on D-Day [Weekly Loot] As we celebrate the bridal season, we are back with the best in-house tips for beautiful brides-to-be. Lip shades play a vital role in... More Stories All iDiva My Profile Today | Last 7 Days | Last 30 Days | last 365 Days Light Yagami 1 1907 Ashish Anand 2 1810 Ananya Shrivastava 3 1627 Abhay Kumar 4 1613 Vijay Singh 5 1542 Know More about Times Points Today | Last 7 Days | Last 30 Days | last 365 Days Narayan V 1 119 Sonika Garg 2 115 Bhaskar Mandal 3 110 mathi singh 4 102 Me Hindustani 5 101 Know More about Times Points Club Diva If you love iDiva to bits, register now to earn the Club Diva badge! Club Diva Social Bee Tech savvy, are we? Connect your Facebook and Twitter account to your iDiva profile to earn the Social Bee badge now. Social Bee Social Queen Spread the word! Share iDiva articles and post your love through social media to earn the Social Queen badge. Keep sharing to unlock further levels. Social Queen News Spark Now get iDiva in your inbox! Subscribe to our weekly newsletter to earn the News Spark badge. News Spark Kill Bill Help keep iDiva clean and fun for everyone. Report spam and abuse to earn the Kill Bill badge. Keep patrolling the site to unlock further levels. Kill Bill Keen Kitten Ask a question to an expert to earn the Keen Kitten badge. Keep asking questions to unlock further levels. Keen Kitten Glib Wire Have an opinion? Spill! Post comments on articles to earn the Glib Wire badge. Be a regular to unlock further levels. Glib Wire Voyager Make iDiva your daily haunt to earn the Voyager badge. Keep coming back for more to unlock further levels. Voyager Hot Shot Is iDiva your favourite website ever? Prove it by being glued and earn the Hot Shot badge. Stay glued everyday to unlock further levels. Hot Shot Know More about Times Points   THE TIMES OF INDIA Powered by INDIATIMES »About us »Advertise with us »Terms of use »Privacy policy »Feedback »RSS »Newsletter »TOI Mobile »ePaper »Archives Other Times Group news sites Times of india | The Economic Times इकनॉमिक टाइम्स | ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ Mumbai Mirror | Times Now Indiatimes | नवभारत टाइम्स महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स Living and entertainment Timescity | iDiva | Bollywood | Zoom Networkitimes | Dating & Chat | Email Hot on the Web Hotklix Services Book print ads | Business solutions | Book domains | Web hosting Business email | Free SMS | Free email | Website design | CRM | Tenders | Remit Cheap air tickets | Matrimonial | Ringtones | Astrology | Jobs | Property | Buy car eGreetings Copyright © 2010 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service
