Veena Malik, media mogul get 26 years in jail for blasphemy - The Times of India Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times| More More Follow Pakistan The Times of India The Times of India Indiatimes Web (by Google) Video Photos Advanced Search » Home City India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Life & Style Women Spirituality NRI Photos Videos Delhi teen murder case: FIR against Vodafone Bengaluru techie jumps to death from fourth ... Heritage city status sought for Patna Nigerians take Hyderabad businessman for a B... Man gets 5-year jail term for sexual abuse o... If staff can’t keep city clean, fire them: D... Man held at Ahmedabad airport with gold wort... Woman techie assaulted, robbed in moving aut... Thane man gets death for rape of 6-year-old FOLLOW TOI World US Pakistan South Asia UK Europe China Middle East Rest of World Mad, Mad World Videos You are here: Home » World » Pakistan RELATED ARTICLES Sharif, Modi won't meet in Kathmandu: Pakistan FEATURED TODAY IN World 1.Over 100 dead in clashes in Sudan's Kordofan: Tribes 2.Taliban kill 5 in Kabul in attacks on British embassy car 3.Venezuela says 13 dead in prison disturbance 4.Woman’s selfie catches Bill Clinton ogling at her 5.Syrian troops kill 30 rebels near Damascus 6.Israel says it busted Hamas cell planning attacks 7.Novelist PD James dies at 94 8.Nine injured in knife attack in China 9.Two dead, seven missing as storm hits Philippines 10.US police shot black boy seconds after arriving more RELATED KEYWORDS: Veena-Malik-prison|Veena-Malik|Geo-TV Veena Malik, media mogul get 26 years in jail for blasphemyThe author has posted comments on this articlePTI | Nov 26, 2014, 06.27AM IST Share on Linkedin Pakistan actor Veena Malik has been sentenced to 26 years in prison. Page 1 of 4 ISLAMABAD: The owner of Pakistan's biggest media group, Geo TV along with actor Veena Malik and her husband was sentenced to 26 years in prison by an anti-terrorism court for allegedly airing a blasphemous programme. Mir Shakil-ur-Rahman, owner of Geo and Jang group, was accused of allowing the airing of a blasphemous programme by Geo television in May, which played a religious song while staging a mock marriage of Malik with Bashir. Judge Shahbaz Khan also sentenced both Malik and Bashir along with TV host Shaista Wahidi for 26 years each. The ATC also imposed a 1.3 million Pakistani rupees fine on the convicts and ordered that their properties should be sold to raise the fine, if they failed to pay it. The judge said in his judgment that all four accused committed profanity. The court in its 40-page verdict also asked the police to arrest the convicts, an official said. He said that the convict can appeal in the regional high court in Gilgit-Baltistan. There are reports that all four are out of Pakistan. Rahman resides in the UAE and the other three also went abroad after recieving threats by militant organisations. It is not known when the arrests would be carried out. Both Wahidi and the Geo group have tendered apology after the allegations were levelled but the extremists in the country refused to accept it. Other blasphemy cases were also registered against them in various cities, including Karachi and Islamabad. Article continues Stay updated on the go with The Times of India’s mobile apps. Click here to download it for your device. Reader's opinions Read All Comments THE TIMES OF INDIA Powered by INDIATIMES About usAdvertise with usTerms of Use and Grievance Redressal PolicyPrivacy policyFeedback RSSNewsletterTOI MobileePaperSitemapArchives Other Times Group news sites Times Crest | The Economic Times इकनॉमिक टाइम्स | ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ Mumbai Mirror | Times Now Indiatimes | नवभारत टाइम्स महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स | ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ Go Green Living and entertainment Timescity | iDiva | Bollywood | Zoom Healthmeup | Luxpresso | Technoholik Guylife Interest Networkitimes | Email Hot on the Web Hotklix Services Book print ads | Online shopping | Business solutions | Book domains | Web hosting Business email | Free SMS | Free email | Website design | CRM | Tenders | Remit Cheap air tickets | Matrimonial | Ringtones | Astrology | Jobs | Property | Buy car Bikes in India | Deals | Free Classifieds Copyright © 2014 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service
