DDA announces winners of mega housing scheme - The Times of India Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times| More More Follow Delhi The Times of India The Times of India Indiatimes Web (by Google) Video Photos Advanced Search » Home City India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Life & Style Women Spirituality NRI Photos Videos Bengaluru techie jumps to death from fourth floor Waiter shot dead over payment for two chappa... Heritage city status sought for Patna Nigerians take Hyderabad businessman for a B... Man gets 5-year jail term for sexual abuse o... If staff can’t keep city clean, fire them: D... Man held at Ahmedabad airport with gold wort... Woman techie assaulted, robbed in moving aut... Thane man gets death for rape of 6-year-old FOLLOW TOI City Delhi Crime Civic Issues Politics Schools & Colleges Events More Cities METRO CITIES Mumbai Delhi Bangalore Kolkata Chennai OTHER CITIES Agra Ahmedabad Allahabad Aurangabad Bareilly Bengaluru Bhopal Bhubaneswar Chandigarh Coimbatore Dehradun Goa Gurgaon Guwahati Hubballi Hyderabad Indore Jaipur Kanpur Kochi Kolhapur Kozhikode Lucknow Ludhiana Madurai Mangaluru Meerut Mysuru Nagpur Nashik Navi Mumbai Noida Patna Puducherry Pune Raipur Rajkot Ranchi Surat Thane Thiruvananthapuram Trichy Vadodara Varanasi Visakhapatnam You are here: Home » City » Delhi RELATED ARTICLES TOP STORIES ACROSS CITIES 1.Bengaluru techie jumps to death from fourth floor 2.Waiter shot dead over payment for two chappatis 3.Heritage city status sought for Patna 4.Nigerians take Hyderabad businessman for a BMW ride 5.Man gets 5-year jail term for sexual abuse of 10-year-old girl in Chennai 6.If staff can’t keep city clean, fire them: Delhi HC 7.Man held at Ahmedabad airport with gold worth Rs 25L 8.Woman techie assaulted, robbed in moving auto 9.Thane man gets death for rape of 6-year-old 10.Schoolgirl freed after 15 days as hostage more RELATED KEYWORDS:  DDA announces winners of mega housing schemeThe author has posted comments on this articlePTI | Nov 25, 2014, 06.18PM IST Share on Linkedin The flagship scheme offering 25,040 flats in various categories spread across the national capital saw DDA receiving a whopping 10,08,985 applications. Page 1 of 4 NEW DELHI: The much-awaited draw for the mega 'Housing Scheme 2014' of Delhi Development Authority concluded on Tuesday, leaving thousands of applicants ecstatic after they found their names amongst those who landed flats even as others rued their luck at missing out in the lottery. The flagship scheme offering 25,040 flats in various categories spread across the national capital saw DDA receiving a whopping 10,08,985 applications, which is the highest in the history of the agency. DDA Housing Scheme-2014: Winners list "The draw of lots was wrapped up in record time of 40 days despite receiving 10,08,985 applications, the highest in DDA history," DDA vice-chairman Balvinder Kumar told reporters here. The draw was held under the supervision of retired Delhi high court judge Manju Goel, National Informatics Centre DG Mahesh Chandra and IIT-Delhi professor Anshul Kumar. "DDA will be holding a camp at its headquarters after 15 days where the verification of the documents of successful applicants will be done. DDA flats at Rohini (TOI photo) "General applicants may be handed over the demand-cum- allotment letter thereafter and the reserved category applicants will be handed over the same after authentication of their documents," said Balvinder Kumar. The DDA vice-chairman added, "Each allottee shall be provided with an ID and password through which he will be able to track the status (of the allotment process). Allottees will also be notified through SMS and email alerts." The draw, which started at its scheduled time at around 11:30am at the DDA headquarters here, was completed within two hours after two seed numbers — 0355299 for applicants and 03695 for flats — were fed as reference into the fully computerized and automated system. Amit Roy, who landed a Janta Flat at New Kondli, was elated upon finding his name in the list of successful applicants. "I am very happy now that I will have my own roof over my head as I was staying in a rented apartment for the last six years. I had also applied for the DDA Housing Scheme in 2010, but luck didn't favour me that time," said Roy, a private sector executive. Article continues Stay updated on the go with The Times of India’s mobile apps. Click here to download it for your device. Reader's opinions Read All Comments THE TIMES OF INDIA Powered by INDIATIMES About usAdvertise with usTerms of Use and Grievance Redressal PolicyPrivacy policyFeedback RSSNewsletterTOI MobileePaperSitemapArchives Other Times Group news sites Times Crest | The Economic Times इकनॉमिक टाइम्स | ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ Mumbai Mirror | Times Now Indiatimes | नवभारत टाइम्स महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स | ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ Go Green Living and entertainment Timescity | iDiva | Bollywood | Zoom Healthmeup | Luxpresso | Technoholik Guylife Interest Networkitimes | Email Hot on the Web Hotklix Services Book print ads | Online shopping | Business solutions | Book domains | Web hosting Business email | Free SMS | Free email | Website design | CRM | Tenders | Remit Cheap air tickets | Matrimonial | Ringtones | Astrology | Jobs | Property | Buy car Bikes in India | Deals | Free Classifieds Copyright © 2014 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service
