Reasons why a man could say no to sex - The Times of India Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times| More More Follow Man-Woman The Times of India The Times of India Indiatimes Web (by Google) Video Photos Advanced Search » Home City India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Life & Style Women Spirituality NRI Photos Videos Bengaluru techie jumps to death from fourth floor Waiter shot dead over payment for two chappa... Heritage city status sought for Patna Nigerians take Hyderabad businessman for a B... Man gets 5-year jail term for sexual abuse o... If staff can’t keep city clean, fire them: D... Man held at Ahmedabad airport with gold wort... Woman techie assaulted, robbed in moving aut... Thane man gets death for rape of 6-year-old FOLLOW TOI Life & Style Relationships Relationships Man-Woman Parenting Work Pets Ask the expert Health & Fitness Health & Fitness Health Fitness Diet Beauty Photo Stories Photo Stories Relationships Health & Fitness Beauty People Food Home & Garden Fashion Books People Food Food Food Reviews Bar Reviews Food Festivals Recipes Drinks Corner Books Home & Garden Fashion Fashion Shows Designers Trends Style Guide Model of the day Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Man-Woman Parenting Work Pets Ask the expert Specials You are here: Home » Life & Style » Relationships » Man-Woman RELATED ARTICLES Sex can help you de-stress What women actually want in men 5 Things women notice about men More Mumbai women get sterilized than men 7 types of men women can’t resist Women are not equal to men, Turkish President Erdogan says Why men prefer to have sex with lights off! FEATURED TODAY IN Life & Style 1.'Past sex partners may decide looks of your kid' 2.In pics: 5 Things a guy notices about you first 3.Makeup tips for the busy professional 4.Lahore author wins pan-Asian book award 5.Recipe: Lauki ki kheer 6.Ways to strike visual harmony in your home 7.Post break-up romantic reads 8.How women can get the first date right 9.Hand and nail care 101 10.The A-Z of tetra paks more RELATED KEYWORDS: Women|stress|Sex|Men|libido|headache|excuse Reasons why a man could say no to sexThe author has posted comments on this articleTNN | Nov 27, 2014, 12.00AM IST Share on Linkedin Why a man says no to sex (Thinkstock photos/Getty Images) Page 1 of 4 Men were advised to stay away from women during the Transit of Venus as happened this morning. Staying away here, very obviously, being a euphemism for not getting busy between the sheets. So, you have heard too that men only have sex on their mind and are ever willing to do junior's bidding. You also know that, generally, men don't feign headache when it comes to having a romp. For them this action is, often, what lulls them to sleep and sweet dreams. For most men, sexual abstinence is not a happy choice; at most, it can only be a compulsion brought on by stress, sickness, and sagging body parts. Men like to get it up, get on with it, and get done with it till the oats are ready and itching to be sown again. Which is to say, soon after! But, there are men, who take a sabbatical from sex, and no, this has nothing to do with any physiological reasons. And for these men sex is not a stress buster but something that adds to it. So, while the woman may throw herself at him or send subtle signs his way, he refuses to turn it on. Even if he does not plead headache, it will be some excuse like sleep or not being in the right mood or mental make-up. Whatever happened to this man's default masculine settings? So, what should we read when a man says no 1. He's not into you... at the moment... he's into someone else... you can take this literally or metaphorically ( J ), depending on your relationship with him. 2. He on an orientation experiment... and is steeling himself to say no to you to do full justice to his experiment. 3. He has realised that straight is not his sexual calling, and this is his way of hoping you'd guess. 4. You don't do it for him anymore. 5. The Poonam Pandeys and Rozlyn Khans have 'exposed' him to another side. 6. He doesn't need anyone but himself to enjoy anymore... that should be an easy one to figure out! 7. Laptops, iPhones, and all that radiation have lowered his libido. 8.Vicky Donor has spoiled it for him. Those 'little fellows' swimming in the bottles have taken the fun out of the act. 9. Time to service the equipment, we say. After all, you can't take junior for granted, and not make any allowances for his occasional dips, troughs and lows! He can't be high and hard every time, can he? 10. If the man's been on a sexual binge of late, maybe this is his way of telling himself to slow down lest the peaks give way to plateaus. He'd like his performances to always peak. Going out on a limp is not his scene! Article continues Stay updated on the go with The Times of India’s mobile apps. Click here to download it for your device. Reader's opinions Read All Comments THE TIMES OF INDIA Powered by INDIATIMES About usAdvertise with usTerms of Use and Grievance Redressal PolicyPrivacy policyFeedback RSSNewsletterTOI MobileePaperSitemapArchives Other Times Group news sites Times Crest | The Economic Times इकनॉमिक टाइम्स | ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ Mumbai Mirror | Times Now Indiatimes | नवभारत टाइम्स महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स | ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ Go Green Living and entertainment Timescity | iDiva | Bollywood | Zoom Healthmeup | Luxpresso | Technoholik Guylife Interest Networkitimes | Email Hot on the Web Hotklix Services Book print ads | Online shopping | Business solutions | Book domains | Web hosting Business email | Free SMS | Free email | Website design | CRM | Tenders | Remit Cheap air tickets | Matrimonial | Ringtones | Astrology | Jobs | Property | Buy car Bikes in India | Deals | Free Classifieds Copyright © 2014 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service
