SC suspends Jayalalithaa's sentence, grants interim bail; AIADMK activists break out into celebrations - The Times of India Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times| More More Follow India The Times of India The Times of India Indiatimes Web (by Google) Video Photos Advanced Search » Home City India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Life & Style Women Spirituality NRI Photos Videos Waiter shot dead over payment for two chappatis Bengaluru techie jumps to death from fourth ... Heritage city status sought for Patna Nigerians take Hyderabad businessman for a B... Man gets 5-year jail term for sexual abuse o... If staff can’t keep city clean, fire them: D... Man held at Ahmedabad airport with gold wort... Woman techie assaulted, robbed in moving aut... Thane man gets death for rape of 6-year-old FOLLOW TOI City METRO CITIES Mumbai Delhi Bangalore Kolkata Chennai OTHER CITIES Agra Ahmedabad Allahabad Aurangabad Bareilly Bengaluru Bhopal Bhubaneswar Chandigarh Coimbatore Dehradun Goa Gurgaon Guwahati Hubballi Hyderabad Indore Jaipur Kanpur Kochi Kolhapur Kozhikode Lucknow Ludhiana Madurai Mangaluru Meerut Mysuru Nagpur Nashik Navi Mumbai Noida Patna Puducherry Pune Raipur Rajkot Ranchi Surat Thane Thiruvananthapuram Trichy Vadodara Varanasi Visakhapatnam India Some states want Maoism to continue: CRPF chief PM Modi returns after successful Saarc meet Amit Shah lists NDA feats to silence Congres... A day before PM Modi's rally, fidayeen kill ... Owaisi seeks SC status for all minorities, g... 11 CAG reports to be tabled in Parliament to... Denied permission for rally, BJP accuses Mam... TMC questions SBI loan to Adani group BJP’s next target is Bengal, Venkaiah Naidu ... World WORLD US Pakistan South Asia UK Europe China Middle East Rest of World Mad, Mad World New to Canada Photos Videos Conflicting policies erode US standing in Mideast Over 100 dead in clashes in Sudan's Kordofan... Taliban kill 5 in Kabul in attacks on Britis... Venezuela says 13 dead in prison disturbance Woman’s selfie catches Bill Clinton ogling a... Syrian troops kill 30 rebels near Damascus Israel says it busted Hamas cell planning at... Novelist PD James dies at 94 Nine injured in knife attack in China FOLLOW WORLD Business BUSINESS India Business International Business MF Simplified Photos Videos Sensex scales new peak, Nifty eyes 8,600 NSE cuts trading fees for select segments Rupee down 6 paise against dollar Tax dept goes for friendly image makeover Infosys organizes US hackathon to attract gl... WTO endorses its first trade deal in 20 year... RBI eases norms for niche banks Now, flying robots to serve as waiters in Si... Jaitley to meet Rajan on Monday to urge rate... FOLLOW BUSINESS Tech TECHNOLOGY Tech News Reviews Jobs Social IT services Slideshows How To PCs Gaming Computing Photos Videos Google rolls out 'smart' spoon Android 5.0 (Lollipop): 16 new features 'India will be a priority market for Apple W... Lava in talks to buy Nokia's Chennai plant: ... Twitter is now tracking the apps you downloa... Netflix accuses Yahoo CIO Michael Kail of fr... Micromax launches Canvas Tab 666 @ Rs 10,999 Indian American plans hunger strike outside ... India to US: Tech companies violating copyri... FOLLOW TECHNOLOGY Sports SPORTS Cricket EPL Football Tennis Golf Hockey Racing NBA Chess Badminton Other Sports Photos Videos ISL: NorthEast United thrash leaders Chennaiyin FC 3-0 Brazil legend Pele says he's 'doing fine' in... Slumping Murray will be back, says IPTL foe ... Sindhu, Prannoy in Macau Grand Prix Gold qua... Indian Super League hits one million in-stad... Wawrinka confirms participation in Chennai O... Fifa bans ex-AIFF secretary for taking elect... Bastia striker Brandao jailed for a month fo... After Walsh, women's team coach Hawgood also... FOLLOW SPORTS Cricket News Results Fixtures Blogs Photos Videos Cricket Live Score FOLLOW GOCRICKET Entertainment Hindi English Tamil Telugu Malayalam Kannada Bengali Punjabi Marathi Bhojpuri Gujarati Movie Reviews TV Music Events Beauty Pageants Photos Videos Did Karan just admit Kamya is his girlfriend? Salman helps Armaan bag two films with Sajid... Riteish Deshmukh is on a paternity leave Exclusive first look: Sonam Kapoor in Dolly ... Know more about Arpita Khan's husband Bigg Boss 8: Sonali Raut slaps Ali ‘The crew thought I was pregnant’ Superstar Ajay Devgn unperturbed by the Khan... Know more about Arpita Khan's husband Alia Bhatt unwell after a taxing schedule Veena Malik claims innocence Movie Review: 'Happy Ending' FOLLOW ENTERTAINMENT Life & Style LIFE & STYLE Relationships Health & Fitness Beauty Photo Stories People Food Books Home & Garden Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum 'Past sex partners may decide looks of your kid' In pics: 5 Things a guy notices about you fi... Makeup tips for the busy professional Lahore author wins pan-Asian book award Recipe: Lauki ki kheer Ways to strike visual harmony in your home Post break-up romantic reads How women can get the first date right Hand and nail care 101 FOLLOW LIFE & STYLE Travel TRAVEL Destinations Hotels Things to do Eating Out Nightlife Guides FOLLOW TRAVEL Women WOMEN Style & Beauty Entertainment Relationships Health Work & Life iParenting iFood How To Photo Features Beauty Pageants Can you be the next Miss India? India strikes Gold at Miss Earth 2014 Koyal Rana official photoshoot for Miss Worl... Candid moments at Miss Earth 2014 Jhataleka tops the pre-arrival Hot Picks at ... Priyanka gave a nod to her sister for posing... Starry Miss Diva Universe 2014 After-Party Priyanka's cousin to star with former Miss I... Jacqueline in Ram Lakhan remake Spirituality SPIRITUALITY Live Darshan Live TV Sacred Space Masters' Blogs Seekers' Blogs Spiritual Forums Online Pooja Sri Sri Ravi Shankar Deepak Chopra Sadhguru Jaggi Vasudev Osho Srila Bhakti Ballabh Blogs It’s never okay to hate 12001 Bhopal-New Delhi via Agra Shatabdi Express - A trip report Assault on women Song of The Self Managing Tie-ups Clarity on monetary machinery the need of the hour Independent audit of BCCI’s alleged wrong-doings a must Tripura’s triumph belongs to everyone India is being swept by an entrepreneurial revolution NRI NRI US & Canada News Middle East News Other News Cinema Community NRI Achievers Art & Culture Contributors Photos Videos Indian diaspora doubts British sincerity on Gandhi statue Cabinet to soon consider bill on merger of P... Four Indian American students picked as Rhod... Two Indian-origin men jailed in Fiji for gra... Very sad that UK govt cannot find money for ... Indian-origin writer finalists for US litera... US Senate committee confirms Indian-American... Indian-origin student died after falling fro... Diaspora must be part of India's development... Real Estate REAL ESTATE Delhi NCR Mumbai Bangalore Hyderabad Chennai Kolkata Ahmedabad Chandigarh Vadodara Nashik Lucknow Other Cities Commercial Hot Investments Industry Buzz Photos PHOTOS Movies Celebs Fashion Beauty Pageants Awards Events TV Sports Gadgets News 100 Hot Victoria's Secret Models Evil serial killers of all time Celeb Kids from Broken Families Celebs who are just friends! Phil Hughes is dead Celebs caught and bowled! Bold acts in B'wood! Divas in sheer ensembles FOLLOW PHOTOS Times Now Videos VIDEOS News Entertainment Celebs Movies Lifestyle Sports Tech Business Auto Funny AMU rebuffs BJP, V-C writes to Smriti Ir... Burdwan terror probe widens: Bangladeshi... Mamata vs BJP war escalates Shiv Sena mum on BJP’s olive branch Putin's tiger ravages goat farm in China Messy winter storm hits Massachusetts Bengaluru: Techie jumps off under constr... Modi, Sharif shake hands, meet at Saarc ... You are here: Home » India RELATED ARTICLES Tamil Nadu assembly special session to begin on Dec 4 Cops thwart DMK move to distribute leaflet against Jaya Take a decision on Jaya portraits in 1 month: HC AIADMK govt takes credit for fishermen's release from Sri Lankan prison Karuna says GIM initiative comes late for TN Tamil Nadu chief minister seeks Modi's intervention to secure release of 38 fishermen Contractors will be held responsible for poor quality road, warns Mayor FEATURED TODAY IN India 1.Schoolboy stabbed to death at govt school in Tamil Nadu 2.PM Modi returns after successful Saarc meet 3.India trail blazes in guidelines for TB outside lungs 4.Congress will come back in 2019: Siddaramaiah 5.Demand to put 12 cancer drugs in ‘essential’ list taken up in RS 6.Only 28% garbage collected is treated, govt tells Lok Sabha 7.No dilution of rural job scheme, rural development minister says 8.TMC questions SBI loan to Adani group 9.Rail minister to delegate powers to fast-track projects 10.Delhi-Agra Gatiman Express soon, to cost 25% more more RELATED KEYWORDS: SC-to-hear-Jayalalithaa's-bail-plea|Jayalalithaa|AIADMK-chief-J-Jayalalithaa SC suspends Jayalalithaa's sentence, grants interim bail; AIADMK activists break out into celebrationsThe author has posted comments on this articleDhananjay Mahapatra, TNN | Oct 17, 2014, 02.18PM IST Share on Linkedin The AIADMK chief, who has been behind bars since September 27, has challenged the high court order which had refused her bail. Page 1 of 4 NEW DELHI/CHENNAI: The Supreme Court on Friday suspended AIADMK chief J Jayalalithaa's sentence for two months and granted her interim bail on the condition that she will make available all documents and translated copies available to the Karnataka HC for speedy adjudication of her appeal against conviction. The apex court said that if the complete set of documents was not made available to the high court by December 18, then the AIADMK chief would go back to jail. The top court also said AIADMK party members must immediately desist from personal criticism of the trial judge and stop indulging in violence. A bench headed by Chief Justice H L Dattu stayed the sentence and warned Jayalalithaa against causing any delay by seeking adjournment in her appeal in Karnataka high court. The bench directed Jayalalithaa to file paperbook of her appeal in the high court within two months. "If paperbook is not filed within two months, then we won't give you even a single day more," the bench said. It refused to dispose of the bail plea and posted the case for hearing on December 18 to ensure that Jayalalithaa complies with its order. The bench also said that it would ask the high court to dispose of her appeal within three months. In an hour-long hearing, initially the bench expressed reservation on granting bail to her, saying she had delayed the trial proceedings for years and if she is allowed to come out on bail then appeal would be decided in two decades. Senior advocate Fali S Nariman, appearing for Jayalalithaa, assured the court that the matter would not be delayed, saying that he was willing to give the statement on affidavit that no adjournment would be taken by her in the high court. "I undertake that no delay would be caused while appeal is heard by high court. It is not a game. It may have been a game before. You can record my statement," Nariman told the bench. BJP leader Subramanian Swamy, who had filed a complaint against Jayalalithaa after which probe was conducted against her, strongly opposed the bail plea of the AIADMK chief. He contended that it is an exceptional case and bail be denied to her. He also raised questions on the law and order problem created in Tamil Nadu by her party workers. The apex court also granted bail to Jayalalithaa's close aide Sasikala and her relatives V N Sudhakaran, disowned foster-son of the former chief minister, and Ilavarasi. The SC asked Jayalalithaa, Sasikala and Sudhakaran to furnish two solvent sureties to the satisfaction of the trial judge before getting released on bail. Jayalalithaa has been in prison since September 27. READ ALSO: Jayalalithaa has not shown signs of a broken woman, jailer says Jayalalithaa in fine health, shares cell with Sasi, Ilavarasi A bench headed by Chief Justice H L Dattu had on October 13 posted the case for hearing on October 17 after senior advocate Fali S Nariman pleaded to the court to "accommodate" the case in this week itself. Jayalalithaa, who was denied bail by Karnataka high court following her conviction and four year sentence in a graft case, had moved the Supreme Court for bail on October 9. (​Supporters celebrate granting of bail to Jayalalithaa at AIADMK headquarters in Chennai. TOI photo by Julie Marriappan.) The AIADMK chief had challenged the high court order which had refused her bail. Jayalalithaa pleaded that she was sentenced to only four years jail in the case and was also suffering from various ailments as grounds for her immediate relief. The former chief minister also cited grounds of being senior citizen and woman for getting out of jail. The 66-year-old politician was denied bail by the high court on October 7 despite the special public prosecutor not objecting to grant of conditional bail to her. AIADMK supporters distribute sweets after SC grants bail to former Tamil Nadu CM Jayalalithaa #ReliefForJaya pic.twitter.com/98rocyDHIi — TIMES NOW (@timesnow) October 17, 2014 The high court had also rejected the bail pleas by Jayalalithaa's close aide Sasikala and her relatives V N Sudhakaran, disowned foster-son of the former chief minister, and Ilavarasi, who have also been sent to four years in jail in the 18-year-old case. The special court had held Jayalalithaa and three others guilty of corruption. The court had also slapped a fine of Rs 100 crore on the AIADMK chief and Rs 10 crore fine on each of the three other convicts. AIADMK activists break out into celebrations AIADMK supporters broke out into celebrations, bursting crackers and dancing on the roads here after the Supreme Court granted bail to party chief Jayalalithaa in the illegal assets case, paving way for her homecoming for the Diwali festival. "It is Diwali day for us," a party cadre said outside the AIADMK headquarters here. AIADMK cadres — men and women — assembled outside the party headquarters here danced in joy. They burst crackers and distributed sweets. Similar scenes were witnessed in other parts of the state like Salem, Karur, Tuticorin. Earlier, AIADMK workers welcomed the party's founding day in a subdued mood, with presidium chairman E Madhusudhanan doing the customary hoisting of the party flag and garlanding the statue of founder MG Ramachandran. He later released a souvenir to mark the occasion. Party treasurer and chief minister O Panneerselvam and some of his cabinet colleagues were seen sporting a beard, apparently summing up the mood in the party prior to Jayalalithaa securing bail. A section of party workers were seen wearing black shirts. In many places across the state, AIADMK workers ushered in the day by garlanding statues of Ramachandran, a charismatic actor who split from the M Karunanidhi-led DMK to form AIADMK, and also hailed Jayalalithaa and had wished for her release. Special prayers were held by the party faithful in places of religious worship seeking release of Jayalalithaa who was sentenced to four years in jail and slapped with a fine of Rs 100 crore by a Bangalore special court in the Rs 66.65 crore disproportionate assets case on September 27. (With inputs from PTI, IANS) Article continues Stay updated on the go with The Times of India’s mobile apps. Click here to download it for your device. Reader's opinions Read All Comments THE TIMES OF INDIA Powered by INDIATIMES About usAdvertise with usTerms of Use and Grievance Redressal PolicyPrivacy policyFeedback RSSNewsletterTOI MobileePaperSitemapArchives Other Times Group news sites Times Crest | The Economic Times इकनॉमिक टाइम्स | ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ Mumbai Mirror | Times Now Indiatimes | नवभारत टाइम्स महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स | ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ Go Green Living and entertainment Timescity | iDiva | Bollywood | Zoom Healthmeup | Luxpresso | Technoholik Guylife Interest Networkitimes | Email Hot on the Web Hotklix Services Book print ads | Online shopping | Business solutions | Book domains | Web hosting Business email | Free SMS | Free email | Website design | CRM | Tenders | Remit Cheap air tickets | Matrimonial | Ringtones | Astrology | Jobs | Property | Buy car Bikes in India | Deals | Free Classifieds Copyright © 2014 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service
