5 Types of men women hate - The Times of India Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times| More More Follow Man-Woman The Times of India The Times of India Indiatimes Web (by Google) Video Photos Advanced Search » Home City India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Life & Style Women Spirituality NRI Photos Videos Delhi teen murder case: FIR against Vodafone Bengaluru techie jumps to death from fourth ... Heritage city status sought for Patna Nigerians take Hyderabad businessman for a B... Man gets 5-year jail term for sexual abuse o... If staff can’t keep city clean, fire them: D... Man held at Ahmedabad airport with gold wort... Woman techie assaulted, robbed in moving aut... Thane man gets death for rape of 6-year-old FOLLOW TOI Life & Style Relationships Relationships Man-Woman Parenting Work Pets Ask the expert Health & Fitness Health & Fitness Health Fitness Diet Beauty Photo Stories Photo Stories Relationships Health & Fitness Beauty People Food Home & Garden Fashion Books People Food Food Food Reviews Bar Reviews Food Festivals Recipes Drinks Corner Books Home & Garden Fashion Fashion Shows Designers Trends Style Guide Model of the day Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Man-Woman Parenting Work Pets Ask the expert Specials You are here: Home » Life & Style » Relationships » Man-Woman RELATED ARTICLES Ways to prevent abuse in your relationship 5 signs your relationship is doomed Money habits that can ruin your relationship Men, get shorts smart Decision to breakup harder for men 8 Top reasons why men cheat What women actually want in men FEATURED TODAY IN Life & Style 1.'Past sex partners may decide looks of your kid' 2.In pics: 5 Things a guy notices about you first 3.Makeup tips for the busy professional 4.Lahore author wins pan-Asian book award 5.Recipe: Lauki ki kheer 6.Ways to strike visual harmony in your home 7.Post break-up romantic reads 8.How women can get the first date right 9.Hand and nail care 101 10.The A-Z of tetra paks more RELATED KEYWORDS: relationship|Men 5 Types of men women hateThe author has posted comments on this articleTNN | Nov 27, 2014, 09.00AM IST Share on Linkedin Women would never want to be seen with certain stereotypes (Getty Images) Page 1 of 4 There might be ample qualities that make men irresistible. But women being the fairer sex have created certain stereotypes in men that they would never want to be seen with. We list the most common kinds of men that women love to hate... Thumbs down to dominant men: Gone are the days when a male dominated society used to be the way of life. So, if the next time you try to show your superiority in front of your girl, it might land you in a tight spot. Women prefer mates who're recognized by their peers for their skills, abilities, and achievements - and not those who use coercive tactics to subordinate their rivals, reveals a new study. Expert says: Dr. Chirta Bakshi, a relationship counsellor says, "Dominant behaviour is highly opposed by a female partner as she wants to enjoy the bond with equal respect. In any relationship, if one partner tries to have the upper hand in taking all decisions and if they portray their dominant self, it will not do any good to that relationship." Macho guys aren't always lucky: A macho guy with an angry young man personality might look good on silver screen, but when it comes to real life, women aren't game to hang around with macho dudes. A recent study claims that macho guys don't always get the girls. The study further revealed that the most aggressive guys ended up with fewer wives and children. Expert says: Personality development expert Varun Chhabra says, "Women today are more keen to pick a guy who flaunts a good body combined with a metro sexual image rather than the typical rough and tough hunk. Men who look tough from the outside and bear a soft heart within are women's favourite." Keep sex starved men at bay: Men are usually sexually more charged up. But when it comes to choosing a mate, women don't opt for a sexually ravenous partner. This is maybe because for such men, sex is the top priority in the relationship whereas the woman continuously seeks love and romance, sans physical intimacy. Expert says: Relationship and sex counsellor Dr. Geetu Bhardwaj shares, "It's not that women are not keen to have sex with their partner, but a man's sexual inclination does plan an important role when it comes to choosing their partner. Women generally aren't too comfortable with the idea of being with a man who has sex on his mind throughout the day. In such relationships, things like understanding and love are secondary and sexual intimacy is all that matters for the male partner." Chauvinism is out completely: Remember Bobby Deol's chauvinistic character in Dostana, which was enough to drive his lady nuts. An excess of anything is bad. Women don't find a chauvinistic man a great companion to spend the rest of their lives with. Expert says: Dr. Ratan Kumar, a clinical psychologist asserts, "There is a very thin line of demarcation between being a gentleman and chauvinist. A girl might love your care and concern, but your over chauvinistic attitude may irritate her at times. Make an attempt to give enough space to her and let the comfort zone be there as per mutual convenience." Using slangs won't take you anywhere: Using abusive lingo every time you indulge in a conversation might lend you a cool dude look cool in front of your male peers, but girls don't want to hang around with a abusive man. Being too abusive and stressing on using slangs too often is a 'turn off' for today's women. Expert says: Psychiatrist Dr. Anupam Randhawa states, "Men need to realise that a woman would like to be associated with a respectful and well-behaved mate. So using excess of slang language and abusive words during conversations can backfire. The reason why women keep such partners at bay is because they find it offensive when their man gets abusive as it comes as a gesture of disrespect to the relationship." Article continues Stay updated on the go with The Times of India’s mobile apps. Click here to download it for your device. Reader's opinions Read All Comments THE TIMES OF INDIA Powered by INDIATIMES About usAdvertise with usTerms of Use and Grievance Redressal PolicyPrivacy policyFeedback RSSNewsletterTOI MobileePaperSitemapArchives Other Times Group news sites Times Crest | The Economic Times इकनॉमिक टाइम्स | ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ Mumbai Mirror | Times Now Indiatimes | नवभारत टाइम्स महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स | ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ Go Green Living and entertainment Timescity | iDiva | Bollywood | Zoom Healthmeup | Luxpresso | Technoholik Guylife Interest Networkitimes | Email Hot on the Web Hotklix Services Book print ads | Online shopping | Business solutions | Book domains | Web hosting Business email | Free SMS | Free email | Website design | CRM | Tenders | Remit Cheap air tickets | Matrimonial | Ringtones | Astrology | Jobs | Property | Buy car Bikes in India | Deals | Free Classifieds Copyright © 2014 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service
