Hair: A mirror to your health - The Times of India Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times| More More Follow Beauty The Times of India The Times of India Indiatimes Web (by Google) Video Photos Advanced Search » Home City India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Life & Style Women Spirituality NRI Photos Videos Delhi teen murder case: FIR against Vodafone Bengaluru techie jumps to death from fourth ... Heritage city status sought for Patna Nigerians take Hyderabad businessman for a B... Man gets 5-year jail term for sexual abuse o... If staff can’t keep city clean, fire them: D... Man held at Ahmedabad airport with gold wort... Woman techie assaulted, robbed in moving aut... Thane man gets death for rape of 6-year-old FOLLOW TOI Life & Style Relationships Relationships Man-Woman Parenting Work Pets Ask the expert Health & Fitness Health & Fitness Health Fitness Diet Beauty Photo Stories Photo Stories Relationships Health & Fitness Beauty People Food Home & Garden Fashion Books People Food Food Food Reviews Bar Reviews Food Festivals Recipes Drinks Corner Books Home & Garden Fashion Fashion Shows Designers Trends Style Guide Model of the day Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum You are here: Home » Life & Style » Beauty RELATED ARTICLES FEATURED TODAY IN Life & Style 1.'Past sex partners may decide looks of your kid' 2.In pics: 5 Things a guy notices about you first 3.Makeup tips for the busy professional 4.Lahore author wins pan-Asian book award 5.Recipe: Lauki ki kheer 6.Ways to strike visual harmony in your home 7.Post break-up romantic reads 8.How women can get the first date right 9.Hand and nail care 101 10.The A-Z of tetra paks more RELATED KEYWORDS: receding-hairline|Premature-greying|hair-thinning|hair-care|Dry-brittle-hair|Bald-spots Hair: A mirror to your healthThe author has posted comments on this articleMumbai Mirror | Nov 27, 2014, 09.00AM IST Share on Linkedin Hair: A mirror to your health Page 1 of 4 Having bad hair days often? Here is when you should be worried. With winter creeping in, our hair is often the first thing to suffer the effects of the cold weather. But if your concerns are more severe than a bit of extra frizz, it could mean something more sinister. Here are a list of symptoms that will manifest on your locks if you suffer from a condition that warrants a visit to the doc. Dry brittle hair Regular use of hair straighteners and curling irons will naturally affect the quality of your mane.But very often what robs your hair of lustre and shine and results in excessive hairfall is actually dehydration. Hair experts recommend downing an additional two litres of water in a day and avoid alcohol, sugar and caffeine. If this doesn't repair the condition, and hair continues to remain extremely brittle, it could also be a sign of a thyroid problem. A GP or a trichologist would be in a position to recommend tests to verify this. A mild imbalance can be corrected by lifestyle and diet changes and by avoiding stress and eating healthy.HAIR CARE: Take a daily supplement rich in vitamin D, minerals, Omega 3 and copper. Dandruff scaly scalp Almost every second person suffers from dandruff and pays little note of what could be causing it.While mild dandruff may not be of concern, severe and repeated dandruff could hint at a weak immune system. One should get enough rest and avoid tension and check if it reduces the occurrence. Other conditions such as seborrhoeic dermatitis, psoriasis and eczema can also cause the problem but these will affect other parts of the body too.HAIR CARE: Wash your hair with a medicated dandruff shampoo that contains salicylic acid. Hair thinning Statistics say that 30 percent of women suffer from hair thinning post-menopause. This is said to be a result of hormonal imbalances which can also result in hair loss. The good new that for 50 percent of women suffering from this condition, this can be corrected through hormone replacement therapy (HRT). Only catch is that hair lost during menopause may not grow back for women for whom HRT was ineffective. The only permanent treatment, in which case, would be hair transplant.HAIR CARE: If you notice hair thinning along with menopausal symptoms, visit a GP and discuss options of HRT. Premature greying Greying in your 20s can be embarrassing and is mostly genetic. But stress (which uses up the vitamin B), nutritional and hormonal factors can also influence hair colour. In a few cases certain, diabetes and thyroid problems can also cause premature greying. If early greying is accompanied by excessive thirst and extreme fatigue, visit a GP. Hair care: Take vitamin B supplements for stress. Avoid smoking or alcohol. Short layers on top If you've noticed that the length of your hair is shorter on top because of break age, it's likely that your diet lacks protein. This could also render your locks less resistant to heat and chemicals. Sugary foods can affect absorption of proteins and must be avoided. Hair care: Include a palm-sized portion of proteins to your diet. Bald spots Sometimes the way you wear your hair could be reason for your receding hairline. Tying your hair up in a high ponytail by pulling the hair back too tightly could permanently damage the follicles. Hair care: Try to spot the signs early and stop whatever was causing it. Receding hairline While one associates receding hairline with ageing, chances are, they're usually triggered by lack of diet nutrients. Crash diets and PCOS can also cause this condition among women.Women who could be suffering from PCOS will also display other signs like facial hair and hair on arms, chest and buttocks. Hair care: If you have PCOS, accompanied by symptoms like irregular period and weight gain, consult a GP and a dietician to acquire a more balanced diet. Article continues Stay updated on the go with The Times of India’s mobile apps. Click here to download it for your device. Reader's opinions Read All Comments THE TIMES OF INDIA Powered by INDIATIMES About usAdvertise with usTerms of Use and Grievance Redressal PolicyPrivacy policyFeedback RSSNewsletterTOI MobileePaperSitemapArchives Other Times Group news sites Times Crest | The Economic Times इकनॉमिक टाइम्स | ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ Mumbai Mirror | Times Now Indiatimes | नवभारत टाइम्स महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स | ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ Go Green Living and entertainment Timescity | iDiva | Bollywood | Zoom Healthmeup | Luxpresso | Technoholik Guylife Interest Networkitimes | Email Hot on the Web Hotklix Services Book print ads | Online shopping | Business solutions | Book domains | Web hosting Business email | Free SMS | Free email | Website design | CRM | Tenders | Remit Cheap air tickets | Matrimonial | Ringtones | Astrology | Jobs | Property | Buy car Bikes in India | Deals | Free Classifieds Copyright © 2014 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service
