Foods that can give you a headache - The Times of India Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times| More More Follow Diet The Times of India The Times of India Indiatimes Web (by Google) Video Photos Advanced Search » Home City India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Life & Style Women Spirituality NRI Photos Videos Delhi teen murder case: FIR against Vodafone Bengaluru techie jumps to death from fourth ... Heritage city status sought for Patna Nigerians take Hyderabad businessman for a B... Man gets 5-year jail term for sexual abuse o... If staff can’t keep city clean, fire them: D... Man held at Ahmedabad airport with gold wort... Woman techie assaulted, robbed in moving aut... Thane man gets death for rape of 6-year-old FOLLOW TOI Life & Style Relationships Relationships Man-Woman Parenting Work Pets Ask the expert Health & Fitness Health & Fitness Health Fitness Diet Beauty Photo Stories Photo Stories Relationships Health & Fitness Beauty People Food Home & Garden Fashion Books People Food Food Food Reviews Bar Reviews Food Festivals Recipes Drinks Corner Books Home & Garden Fashion Fashion Shows Designers Trends Style Guide Model of the day Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Health Fitness Diet Specials You are here: Home » Life & Style » Health & Fitness » Diet RELATED ARTICLES Women bosses more prone to depression High-fruit diets can worsen depression How to help your partner with depression '40% people seeing doc for an ailment have depression' 9 Simple ways to reduce stress Sex can help you de-stress "Leave your job stress at work" FEATURED TODAY IN Life & Style 1.'Past sex partners may decide looks of your kid' 2.In pics: 5 Things a guy notices about you first 3.Makeup tips for the busy professional 4.Lahore author wins pan-Asian book award 5.Recipe: Lauki ki kheer 6.Ways to strike visual harmony in your home 7.Post break-up romantic reads 8.How women can get the first date right 9.Hand and nail care 101 10.The A-Z of tetra paks more RELATED KEYWORDS: Women|stress|Migraines|headache|depression|coffee|Chocolate Foods that can give you a headacheThe author has posted comments on this articleTNN | Nov 27, 2014, 09.00AM IST Share on Linkedin Foods that can give you a headache (Thinkstock photos/Getty Images) Page 1 of 4 Dietary changes and certain foods can trigger migraines. Suffering from headaches or migraines every now then? Well, you're not alone as many people complain of such problems. Leaving aside obvious reasons like sinusitis, stress and mental tension, little do people know that their diet could be a culprit too. Surprised? We tell why you should be more watchful of what you eat to avoid that throbbing pain in your head. Diet A headache is a discomfort or a pressure-like sensation in the head. A migraine is a common type of headache that usually occurs on one side of the head. Dietician Dr Sunita Dube agrees that one's diet can affect headaches and says, "A family history of migraine, apart from stress, food and beverages may be responsible for up to 30 per cent of migraines. If you consider some other triggers such as hormonal changes, stress, sleeping habits, and depression, it's possible that the percentage is actually higher." One of the most common reasons for headaches due to dietary changes is suddenly switching to a very low calorie diet, in other words, crash dieting. Agrees consultant nutritionist Niti Desai, "This can lead to headaches, especially if these diets cut down or eliminate carbohydrates completely. The brain can only use carbohydrates as fuel. Headaches can also set in due to low blood sugar levels. Also, if you start skipping meals or have long intervals between your meals, headache sets in. Even a very low water intake can trigger headaches." Tyramine, a culprit Tyramine is an amino acid that has been thought to trigger headaches by reducing serotonin levels in the brain and affecting the dilation of blood vessels. Because of their connection to migraines, tyramine containing foods are important triggers. These include red wine, cheeses, chocolate, alcoholic beverages, and certain processed meats. Alcoholic beverages Dr Dube says that red wine contains tyramine, phytochemicals called phenols, which may be the real triggers. For some people, drinking any kind of alcohol can bring on a migraine. Other compounds in beer, whiskey, and wine that deplete levels of serotonin (the happy hormone) in the brain could also be triggering migraines. Chocolates They can act as migraine triggers because they too contain tyramine. But at the same time, the connection could be that women tend to crave chocolate during stress and hormonal changes, both of which also may trigger headaches. The amount of chocolate can be an issue too, as migraine patients with the diets highest in fat tended to have more frequent headaches. Coffee This deserves a special mention because sudden withdrawal of coffee consumption can trigger headaches. Clinical nutritionist Dr Nupur Krishnan explains, "Coffee is mildly addictive and it temporarily enhances mental alertness and concentration. Sudden withdrawal can often cause headaches, irritability and other symptoms that vary in severity from one person to another." For example, in some people who are sensitive to caffeine, it can trigger migraine headaches, while in others it might actually abort a migraine by relaxing the constricted blood vessels that are causing the throbbing head. Sugar Natural sugar is important because all plants and animal store energy chemically as sugar. All form of natural sugar provide about the same energy value — four calorie per gram. Natural sugar is better than artificial sweeteners. Desai says that a very small percentage of people intolerant to the sweeteners suffer from headaches. However, this is more common with the sweetener aspartame and not with the newer sweeteners that use sucralose. So if you suspect the reason for your frequent headaches or migraines might lie in your diet, is advisable to see a doctor. Article continues Stay updated on the go with The Times of India’s mobile apps. Click here to download it for your device. Reader's opinions Read All Comments THE TIMES OF INDIA Powered by INDIATIMES About usAdvertise with usTerms of Use and Grievance Redressal PolicyPrivacy policyFeedback RSSNewsletterTOI MobileePaperSitemapArchives Other Times Group news sites Times Crest | The Economic Times इकनॉमिक टाइम्स | ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ Mumbai Mirror | Times Now Indiatimes | नवभारत टाइम्स महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स | ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ Go Green Living and entertainment Timescity | iDiva | Bollywood | Zoom Healthmeup | Luxpresso | Technoholik Guylife Interest Networkitimes | Email Hot on the Web Hotklix Services Book print ads | Online shopping | Business solutions | Book domains | Web hosting Business email | Free SMS | Free email | Website design | CRM | Tenders | Remit Cheap air tickets | Matrimonial | Ringtones | Astrology | Jobs | Property | Buy car Bikes in India | Deals | Free Classifieds Copyright © 2014 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service
