SIAM: Society for Industrial and Applied Mathematics Welcome to SIAM! Applied mathematics, in partnership with computational science, is essential in solving many real-world problems. Our mission is to build cooperation between mathematics and the worlds of science and technology through our publications, research, and community. **2014 Election Results** 2014 SIAM election closed on November 3, 2014. Find out who was elected to the board and council. 2014 Election Results 2014 SIAM election closed on November 3, 2014. Find out who was elected to the board and council. Why Join SIAM? See video of our members talking about why applied and computational mathematicians, computer scientists, and other scientists and engineers should join SIAM. Upcoming Conferences ACM-SIAM Symposium on Control and Its Applications (CT15) July 8 – 10, 2015 - Paris, France-- This conference will showcase a wide range of topics in control and systems theory, such as control of PDEs, computational mathematics for control and optimization, real-time optimization and data assimilation, cooperative control for unmanned autonomous vehicles, dynamic games, cellular and biological regulation, etc. From the Journals The Smallest Possible Interaction Radius for Synchronization of Self-Propelled Particles Read this abstract from SIAM Review. Authors: Ge Chen, Zhixin Liu, and Lei Guo Book of Interest Introduction to Nonlinear Optimization: Theory, Algorithms, and Applications with MATLAB Author: Amir Beck Copyright © 2014, Society for Industrial and Applied Mathematics 3600 Market Street, 6th Floor | Philadelphia, PA 19104-2688 USA Phone: +1-215-382-9800 | FAX: +1-215-386-7999 site map | privacy policy | webmaster@siam.org | suggestions Banner art adapted from a figure by Hinke M. Osinga and Bernd Krauskopf (University of Auckland, NZ). Website developed by Zero Defect Design LLC. SIAM Home About SIAM Activity Groups Advertising Books Careers & Jobs Conferences Customer Service Digital Library Fellows Program History Project Journals Membership Prizes & Recognitions Proceedings Public Awareness Reports Sections SIAM Connect SIAM News Students Visiting Lecturer SIAM Connect: News UMBC chapter participates in Maryland Howard County Math Festival Roche Researcher Norman Mazer on models analyzing cholesterol and heart disease Emmanuel Candes to Receive 2015 AMS-SIAM Birkhoff Prize in Applied Mathematics Â  SIAM Executive Director James Crowley named AAAS Fellow More Calendar of Events Analytic Algorithmics and Combinatorics (ANALCO15) January 4, 2015 Westin San Diego Gaslamp Quarter, San Diego, California, USA Register Now! ACM-SIAM Symposium on Discrete Algorithms (SODA15) January 4-6, 2015 Westin San Diego Gaslamp Quarter, San Diego, California, USA Register Now! Algorithm Engineering and Experiments (ALENEX15) January 5, 2015 Westin San Diego Gaslamp Quarter, San Diego, California, USA Register Now! Full conference calendar Contact Us · Site Map · Join SIAM · My Account Search this site: Search book catalog: Search journals: Search proceedings: Search news:
