NP complete problems - GeeksQuiz GeeksQuiz Computer science mock tests for geeks Home Latest Questions Articles C/C++ Programs Contribute Books Subscribe 
 NP Complete Please wait while the activity loads. If this activity does not load, try refreshing your browser. Also, this page requires javascript. Please visit using a browser with javascript enabled. If loading fails, click here to try again Question 1 Assuming P != NP, which of the following is true ? (A) NP-complete = NP (B) NP-complete P = (C) NP-hard = NP (D) P = NP-complete A A B B C C D D Discuss it Question 1 Explanation:  The answer is B (no NP-Complete problem can be solved in polynomial time). Because, if one NP-Complete problem can be solved in polynomial time, then all NP problems can solved in polynomial time. If that is the case, then NP and P set become same which contradicts the given condition. Question 2 Let S be an NP-complete problem and Q and R be two other problems not known to be in NP. Q is polynomial time reducible to S and S is polynomial-time reducible to R. Which one of the following statements is true? (GATE CS 2006) A R is NP-complete B R is NP-hard C Q is NP-complete D Q is NP-hard Discuss it Question 2 Explanation:  (A) Incorrect because R is not in NP. A NP Complete problem has to be in both NP and NP-hard. (B) Correct because a NP Complete problem S is polynomial time educable to R. (C) Incorrect because Q is not in NP. (D) Incorrect because there is no NP-complete problem that is polynomial time Turing-reducible to Q. Question 3 Let X be a problem that belongs to the class NP. Then which one of the following is TRUE? A There is no polynomial time algorithm for X. B If X can be solved deterministically in polynomial time, then P = NP. C If X is NP-hard, then it is NP-complete. D X may be undecidable. Discuss it Question 3 Explanation:  (A) is incorrect because set NP includes both P(Polynomial time solvable) and NP-Complete . (B) is incorrect because X may belong to P (same reason as (A)) (C) is correct because NP-Complete set is intersection of NP and NP-Hard sets. (D) is incorrect because all NP problems are decidable in finite set of operations. Question 4 The problem 3-SAT and 2-SAT are A both in P B both NP complete C NP-complete and in P respectively D undecidable and NP-complete respectively Discuss it Question 4 Explanation:  The Boolean satisfiability problem (SAT) is a decision problem, whose instance is a Boolean expression written using only AND, OR, NOT, variables, and parentheses. The problem is: given the expression, is there some assignment of TRUE and FALSE values to the variables that will make the entire expression true? A formula of propositional logic is said to be satisfiable if logical values can be assigned to its variables in a way that makes the formula true. 3-SAT and 2-SAT are special cases of k-satisfiability (k-SAT) or simply satisfiability (SAT), when each clause contains exactly k = 3 and k = 2 literals respectively. 2-SAT is P while 3-SAT is NP Complete. (See this for explanation) References: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Boolean_satisfiability_problem Question 5 Which of the following statements are TRUE? (1) The problem of determining whether there exists a cycle in an undirected graph is in P. (2) The problem of determining whether there exists a cycle in an undirected graph is in NP. (3) If a problem A is NP-Complete, there exists a non-deterministic polynomial time algorithm to solve A. A 1, 2 and 3 B 1 and 3 C 2 and 3 D 1 and 2 Discuss it Question 5 Explanation:  1 is true because cycle detection can be done in polynomial time using DFS (See this). 2 is true because P is a subset of NP. 3 is true because NP complete is also a subset of NP and NP means Non-deterministic Polynomial time solution exists. (See this) Question 6 Which of the following is true about NP-Complete and NP-Hard problems. A If we want to prove that a problem X is NP-Hard, we take a known NP-Hard problem Y and reduce Y to X B The first problem that was proved as NP-complete was the circuit satisfiability problem. C NP-complete is a subset of NP Hard D All of the above E None of the above Discuss it Question 7 Which of the following statements are TRUE? 
1. The problem of determining whether there exists
   a cycle in an undirected graph is in P.
2. The problem of determining whether there exists
   a cycle in an undirected graph is in NP.
3. If a problem A is NP-Complete, there exists a 
   non-deterministic polynomial time algorithm to solve A. A 1, 2 and 3 B 1 and 2 only C 2 and 3 only D 1 and 3 only Discuss it Question 7 Explanation:  1. We can either use BFS or DFS to find whether there is a cycle in an undirected graph. For example, see DFS based implementation to detect cycle in an undirected graph. The time complexity is O(V+E) which is polynomial. 2. If a problem is in P, then it is definitely in NP (can be verified in polynomial time). See NP-Completeness 3. True. See See NP-Completeness Question 8 Suppose a polynomial time algorithm is discovered that correctly computes the largest clique in a given graph. In this scenario, which one of the following represents the correct Venn diagram of the complexity classes P, NP and NP Complete (NPC)? A A B B C C D D Discuss it Question 8 Explanation:  Clique is an NP complete problem. If one NP complete problem can be solved in polynomial time, then all of them can be. So NPC set becomes equals to P. Question 9 Consider the decision problem 2CNFSAT defined as follows: A NP-Complete. B solvable in polynomial time by reduction to directed graph reachability. C solvable in constant time since any input instance is satisfiable. D NP-hard, but not NP-complete. Discuss it Question 10 Let SHAM3 be the problem of finding a Hamiltonian cycle in a graph G = (V,E) with V divisible by 3 and DHAM3 be the problem of determining if a Hamiltonian cycle exists in such graphs. Which one of the following is true? A Both DHAM3 and SHAM3 are NP-hard B SHAM3 is NP-hard, but DHAM3 is not C DHAM3 is NP-hard, but SHAM3 is not D Neither DHAM3 nor SHAM3 is NP-hard Discuss it Question 11 Consider the following two problems on undirected graphs 
α : Given G(V, E), does G have an independent set of size | V | - 4?
β : Given G(V, E), does G have an independent set of size 5? Which one of the following is TRUE? A α is in P and β is NP-complete B α is NP-complete and β is in P C Both α and β are NP-complete D Both α and β are in P Discuss it Question 11 Explanation:  Graph independent set decision problem is NP Complete. Question 12 Ram and Shyam have been asked to show that a certain problem Π is NP-complete. Ram shows a polynomial time reduction from the 3-SAT problem to Π, and Shyam shows a polynomial time reduction from Π to 3-SAT. Which of the following can be inferred from these reductions ? A Π is NP-hard but not NP-complete B Π is in NP, but is not NP-complete C Π is NP-complete D Π is neither NP-hard, nor in NP Discuss it Question 12 Explanation:  Since polynomial time reduction from the 3-SAT problem to Π is possible, it is NP hard. Since polynomial time reduction from Π to 3-SAT is possible, it is NP-Complete. There are 12 questions to complete. You have completed questions question Your score is Correct Wrong Partial-Credit You have not finished your quiz. If you leave this page, your progress will be lost. Correct Answer You Selected Not Attempted Final Score on Quiz Attempted Questions Correct Attempted Questions Wrong Questions Not Attempted Total Questions on Quiz Question Details Results Date Score Hint Time allowed minutes seconds Time used Answer Choice(s) Selected Question Text All done Need more practice! Keep trying! Not bad! Good work! Perfect!      Tweet Categories Articles (105) Algorithms (21) C (13) C++ (16) Data Structures (29) DBMS (1) Interview Experiences (6) Java (2) Operating Systems (1) Searching and Sorting (10) Programs (35) Quizzes (1,744) Aptitude (1) Computer Science Quizzes (1,742) Algorithms (147) C (207) C++ (129) Data Structures (132) DBMS (2) GATE (1,046) Java (51) Operating Systems (28) Web technologies (1) Recent Discussions Valid XHTML Strict 1.0 Powered by WordPress & MooTools | MiniMoo 1.3.4
