GeeksforGeeks A computer science portal for geeks GeeksQuiz Login Home Algorithms DS GATE Interview Corner Q&A C C++ Java Books Contribute Ask a Q About Array Bit Magic C/C++ Articles GFacts Linked List MCQ Misc Output String Tree Graph Belzabar interview experience for Computer Scientist Leave a comment | Filed under Interview Experiences September 23, 2014 First round was a written round. second round was a written coding round. third was a technical personal interview round. fourth and fifth were HR and director round respectively. Read More » Analysis of Algorithm | Set 5 (Amortized Analysis Introduction) Leave a comment | Filed under Misc Amortized Analysis is used for algorithms where an occasional operation is very slow, but most of the other operations are faster. Read More » Given an n x n square matrix, find sum of all sub-squares of size k x k Leave a comment | Filed under Arrays September 22, 2014 Given an n x n square matrix, find sum of all sub-squares of size k x k where k is smaller than or equal to n. Read More » SAP Labs Interview Experience for Developer Associate Leave a comment | Filed under Interview Experiences September 21, 2014 SAP Labs Procedure consists of 5 rounds. 1) ONLINE EXAM 2) APPLICATION DESIGNE 3) TECHNICAL Read More » Intuit Interview | Set 3 (For SE-2) Leave a comment | Filed under Interview Experiences Written round: 1. Write a parser which takes java file as input and give count of uncommented lines as output. Read More » Minimum no. of iterations to pass information to all nodes in the tree Leave a comment | Filed under Trees September 20, 2014 Given a very large n-ary tree. Where the root node has some information which it wants to pass to all of its children down to the leaves with the constraint that it can only pass the information to one of its children at a time (take it as one iteration). Read More » [TopTalent.in] Exclusive Interview with Abhishek who got into DE Shaw Leave a comment | Filed under Interview Experiences September 19, 2014 Cracking a Day 1 slot company like DE Shaw is not an easy feat. They try to hire the best candidate out there in campus by offering awesome Job Profile and Salary. Read More » Amazon Interview experience | Set 127 (For Internship) Leave a comment | Filed under Interview Experiences Amazon visited our campus for summer internship. I prepared from Amazon Interview Sets which were pretty helpful! Read More » Linkedin Intership Interview for Software development Engineer Leave a comment | Filed under Interview Experiences Below is my interview experience with linkedin India for software development intern. Read More » Citrix Interview | Set 2 (Written Test Experience) Leave a comment | Filed under Interview Experiences Recently, we had Citrix written test in our campus. There was a 1 hr aptitude test & 1 hour coding round. The aptitude test had simple questions on c/cpp, Networking, OS etc. and some general quant aptitude questions. Read More » Samsung R & D Interview Experience for Internship Leave a comment | Filed under Interview Experiences There were total 2 rounds. Round 1: There were 60 MCQs(20 English + 20 Logical reasoning + 20 Data Interpretation ) to be solved in 1 hour. Round 2: I got 3 coding questions. 1) Given two numbers. I have to find the number of bit which are required to change in binary conversion of […] Read More » Find common elements in three sorted arrays Leave a comment | Filed under Arrays September 18, 2014 Given three arrays sorted in non-decreasing order, print all common elements in these arrays. Read More » Interview Experience with Indus Valley Partners Leave a comment | Filed under Interview Experiences September 17, 2014 Round 1 : ~200 students Duration 60 minutes Written round, comprising of aptitude question, logical puzzles, and technical questions. (basic aptitude + heavy java) Read More » Amazon Interview experience | Set 126 (For SDE-1) Leave a comment | Filed under Interview Experiences Recently I got interviewed with Amazon for SDE1 position and here is my interview experience which I would like to share with others. Read More » Page 10 of 109« First«...89101112...203040...»Last » Interview Experiences Advanced Data Structures Dynamic Programming Greedy Algorithms Backtracking Pattern Searching Divide & Conquer Mathematical Algorithms Recursion Geometric Algorithms Popular Posts All permutations of a given string Memory Layout of C Programs Understanding “extern” keyword in C Median of two sorted arrays Tree traversal without recursion and without stack! Structure Member Alignment, Padding and Data Packing Intersection point of two Linked Lists Lowest Common Ancestor in a BST. Check if a binary tree is BST or not Sorted Linked List to Balanced BST Follow @GeeksforGeeks Subscribe Recent Comments @geeksforgeeks, Some rights reserved        Contact Us! Powered by WordPress & MooTools, customized by geeksforgeeks team
