Greedy Algorithm Archives - GeeksforGeeks GeeksforGeeks A computer science portal for geeks GeeksQuiz Login Home Algorithms DS GATE Interview Corner Q&A C C++ Java Books Contribute Ask a Q About Array Bit Magic C/C++ Articles GFacts Linked List MCQ Misc Output String Tree Graph Job Sequencing Problem | Set 1 (Greedy Algorithm) Leave a comment | Filed under Misc November 18, 2014 Given an array of jobs where every job has a deadline and associated profit if the job is finished before the deadline. Read More » Minimum Number of Platforms Required for a Railway/Bus Station Leave a comment | Filed under Arrays November 16, 2014 Given arrival and departure times of all trains that reach a railway station, find the minimum number of platforms required for the railway station so that no train waits. Read More » Connect n ropes with minimum cost Leave a comment | Filed under Misc August 17, 2014 There are given n ropes of different lengths, we need to connect these ropes into one rope. The cost to connect two ropes is equal to sum of their lengths. Read More » Rearrange a string so that all same characters become d distance away 13 Comments | Filed under Strings March 7, 2014 Given a string and a positive integer d. Some characters may be repeated in the given string. Read More » Graph Coloring | Set 2 (Greedy Algorithm) 14 Comments | Filed under Graph November 14, 2013 We introduced graph coloring and applications in previous post. As discussed in the previous post, graph coloring is widely used. Read More » Greedy Algorithms | Set 8 (Dijkstra’s Algorithm for Adjacency List Representation) 10 Comments | Filed under Graph November 27, 2012 We recommend to read following two posts as a prerequisite of this post. 1. Greedy Algorithms | Set 7 (Dijkstra’s shortest path algorithm) 2. Graph and its representations Read More » Greedy Algorithms | Set 7 (Dijkstra’s shortest path algorithm) 28 Comments | Filed under Graph November 25, 2012 Given a graph and a source vertex in graph, find shortest paths from source to all vertices in the given graph. Read More » Greedy Algorithms | Set 6 (Prim’s MST for Adjacency List Representation) 9 Comments | Filed under Graph November 23, 2012 We recommend to read following two posts as a prerequisite of this post. Read More » Greedy Algorithms | Set 5 (Prim’s Minimum Spanning Tree (MST)) 30 Comments | Filed under Graph November 18, 2012 We have discussed Kruskal’s algorithm for Minimum Spanning Tree. Like Kruskal’s algorithm, Prim’s algorithm is also a Greedy algorithm. It starts with an empty spanning tree. Read More » Greedy Algorithms | Set 4 (Efficient Huffman Coding for Sorted Input) Leave a comment | Filed under Misc November 4, 2012 We recommend to read following post as a prerequisite for this. Greedy Algorithms | Set 3 (Huffman Coding) Time complexity of the algorithm discussed in above post is O(nLogn). Read More » Greedy Algorithms | Set 3 (Huffman Coding) 9 Comments | Filed under Misc November 3, 2012 Huffman coding is a lossless data compression algorithm. The idea is to assign variable-legth codes to input characters, lengths of the assigned codes are based on the frequencies of corresponding characters. Read More » Greedy Algorithms | Set 2 (Kruskal’s Minimum Spanning Tree Algorithm) 18 Comments | Filed under Graph October 30, 2012 What is Minimum Spanning Tree? Given a connected and undirected graph, a spanning tree of that graph is a subgraph that is a tree and connects all the vertices together. Read More » Greedy Algorithms | Set 1 (Activity Selection Problem) 21 Comments | Filed under Misc March 28, 2012 Greedy is an algorithmic paradigm that builds up a solution piece by piece, always choosing the next piece that offers the most obvious and immediate benefit. Read More » Interview Experiences Advanced Data Structures Dynamic Programming Greedy Algorithms Backtracking Pattern Searching Divide & Conquer Mathematical Algorithms Recursion Geometric Algorithms Popular Posts All permutations of a given string Memory Layout of C Programs Understanding “extern” keyword in C Median of two sorted arrays Tree traversal without recursion and without stack! Structure Member Alignment, Padding and Data Packing Intersection point of two Linked Lists Lowest Common Ancestor in a BST. Check if a binary tree is BST or not Sorted Linked List to Balanced BST Follow @GeeksforGeeks Subscribe Recent Comments @geeksforgeeks, Some rights reserved        Contact Us! Powered by WordPress & MooTools, customized by geeksforgeeks team
