Spaghetti Stack - GeeksforGeeks GeeksforGeeks A computer science portal for geeks GeeksQuiz Login Home Algorithms DS GATE Interview Corner Q&A C C++ Java Books Contribute Ask a Q About Array Bit Magic C/C++ Articles GFacts Linked List MCQ Misc Output String Tree Graph Spaghetti Stack Spaghetti stack A spaghetti stack is an N-ary tree data structure in which child nodes have pointers to the parent nodes (but not vice-versa) Spaghetti stack structure is used in situations when records are dynamically pushed and popped onto a stack as execution progresses, but references to the popped records remain in use. Following are some applications of Spaghetti Stack. Compilers for languages such as C create a spaghetti stack as it opens and closes symbol tables representing block scopes. When a new block scope is opened, a symbol table is pushed onto a stack. When the closing curly brace is encountered, the scope is closed and the symbol table is popped. But that symbol table is remembered, rather than destroyed. And of course it remembers its higher level “parent” symbol table and so on. Spaghetti Stacks are also used to implement Disjoint-set data structure. Please write comments if you find anything incorrect, or you want to share more information about the topic discussed above. Sources: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spaghetti_stack           Related Topics: Job Sequencing Problem | Set 1 (Greedy Algorithm) Multiply two polynomials Algorithm Practice Question for Beginners | Set 1 Count Distinct Non-Negative Integer Pairs (x, y) that Satisfy the Inequality x*x + y*y < n Binomial Heap Print all increasing sequences of length k from first n natural numbers Find n’th number in a number system with only 3 and 4 Minimum Cost Polygon Triangulation Tags: Advanced Data Structures Tweet Writing code in comment? Please use ideone.com and share the link here. Interview Experiences Advanced Data Structures Dynamic Programming Greedy Algorithms Backtracking Pattern Searching Divide & Conquer Mathematical Algorithms Recursion Geometric Algorithms Popular Posts All permutations of a given string Memory Layout of C Programs Understanding “extern” keyword in C Median of two sorted arrays Tree traversal without recursion and without stack! Structure Member Alignment, Padding and Data Packing Intersection point of two Linked Lists Lowest Common Ancestor in a BST. Check if a binary tree is BST or not Sorted Linked List to Balanced BST Follow @GeeksforGeeks Subscribe Recent Comments @geeksforgeeks, Some rights reserved        Contact Us! Powered by WordPress & MooTools, customized by geeksforgeeks team
