geometric algorithms Archives - GeeksforGeeks GeeksforGeeks A computer science portal for geeks GeeksQuiz Login Home Algorithms DS GATE Interview Corner Q&A C C++ Java Books Contribute Ask a Q About Array Bit Magic C/C++ Articles GFacts Linked List MCQ Misc Output String Tree Graph Minimum Cost Polygon Triangulation Leave a comment | Filed under Misc October 2, 2014 A triangulation of a convex polygon is formed by drawing diagonals between non-adjacent vertices (corners) such that the diagonals never intersect. Read More » Find if two rectangles overlap 12 Comments | Filed under Misc February 19, 2014 Given two rectangles, find if the given two rectangles overlap or not. Read More » Closest Pair of Points | O(nlogn) Implementation 11 Comments | Filed under Misc November 28, 2013 We are given an array of n points in the plane, and the problem is to find out the closest pair of points in the array. Read More » Given n line segments, find if any two segments intersect 16 Comments | Filed under Misc November 9, 2013 We have discussed the problem to detect if two given line segments intersect or not. In this post, we extend the problem. Read More » Convex Hull | Set 2 (Graham Scan) 1 Comment | Filed under Misc July 24, 2013 Given a set of points in the plane. the convex hull of the set is the smallest convex polygon that contains all the points of it. Read More » Convex Hull | Set 1 (Jarvis’s Algorithm or Wrapping) 8 Comments | Filed under Misc July 13, 2013 Given a set of points in the plane. the convex hull of the set is the smallest convex polygon that contains all the points of it. Read More » How to check if a given point lies inside or outside a polygon? 32 Comments | Filed under Misc July 11, 2013 Given a polygon and a point ‘p’, find if ‘p’ lies inside the polygon or not. The points lying on the border are considered inside. Read More » How to check if two given line segments intersect? 32 Comments | Filed under Misc July 10, 2013 Given two line segments (p1, q1) and (p2, q2), find if the given line segments intersect with each other. Read More » Interview Experiences Advanced Data Structures Dynamic Programming Greedy Algorithms Backtracking Pattern Searching Divide & Conquer Mathematical Algorithms Recursion Geometric Algorithms Popular Posts All permutations of a given string Memory Layout of C Programs Understanding “extern” keyword in C Median of two sorted arrays Tree traversal without recursion and without stack! Structure Member Alignment, Padding and Data Packing Intersection point of two Linked Lists Lowest Common Ancestor in a BST. Check if a binary tree is BST or not Sorted Linked List to Balanced BST Follow @GeeksforGeeks Subscribe Recent Comments @geeksforgeeks, Some rights reserved        Contact Us! Powered by WordPress & MooTools, customized by geeksforgeeks team
